JINGLE
JINGLE
JINGLING
COWBOY Best glazed
doughnut I
road
Muskogee Oklahoma
Thats truth
I
passing town

little
holeinthewall joint
Sweetest
meltinyourmouth
glazed doughnut
creation
I love
glazed doughnuts
I know
We got similar tastes
Funny coming prize
doughnut Muskogee
Yeah dont expect
Indian territory
CHUCKLES
Not like beads
Or drums
Or war bonnets
Okie aint
Indian anymore
Nah
Not pure
Its lot
like nowadays
Everythings mixed up
GIRL Yeah
especially
Tardust
I dont understand folks
here
Lands fat highways
got rivers
bleeding other
soul
anywhere
Everybody sticks here
CAR HORN HONKS
Hey Vallie Sue
Hey yourself
Loretta
Well come on girl
LAUGHS
LAUGHS
CAR SQUEAKS
I talking
again
So
So Youre
old that
People think
youre loopy
Uh
driving backwards
Thought dad
let car
Not entirely
He gave
20 Miles Max
I gotta
mileage
Two
Kiss church
VALLIE Shouldnt driving
backwards church
Do want guys

driving drag
like this
like Im great vain
something Uhuh
Brethren theres man
save souls
flames
eternal damnation
Whats name
Jesus Jesus Jesus
Whats name
Jesus
Jesus
Thats right
Millie glad things
working out
Thank you
Oh yeah Heh
Vallie
Well nice
you
Hi
And you
too Loretta
So
folks tonight
Oh well mines
Cheneys Tavern
getting stinko
probably
Aha
And mother
Vallie
Uh well Reverend
I heard
twoheaded dog
fearsome thing
running wild Tardust
course bunch folks
mom went looking it
Aha Well I see
Uh well
girls
nice evening
CHUCKLES
Night
Good night
Byebye
MUSIC PLAYING
WOLF WHISTLE
Why damn
fool thing dog
Its fool thing
I seen one
In dreams
Uhuh
One Mrs Stubblefields
magazines
Also showed woman
gave birth a
baby horns
Ha Ive seen
boys those
Mrs Stubblefield
showed picture of
An Angel God
lynched tree

rags
Oh its bad sign
child
bad bad sign
Shows forces evil
gaining us
Even Tardust
Oh especially here
We got devils living
Tardust
You gotta careful
there child
very careful
AIRPLANE ENGINE BUZZING
You saucer
No crop duster
But theys there
Why listening
old scarecrow anyhow
Its like preacher
known
Mom hasnt home
weekends
I suppose
Mmhmm
LAUGHS
But still
LAUGHS
A twoheaded dog
Twoheaded dog
aint nothing
HORSE SNORTS
Theres kind
strange creatures
squirrels fly
people pink eyes
I saw woman beard
carnival
See I mean
Probably hair
chest back
I dont want
ruminate that
shows
nature peculiar
Here Give hand
So Mom chasing
twofaced dog huh
Most likely has
STEREO PLAYING
COUNTRY MUSIC
Thanks ride
honey
Same you darling
Mm
TV PLAYING MUSIC
Hey hon
Hi Pleasant
Hi Ma
Land sake turn
thing down Pleasant
What you
deaf dumb
Youre close too
Look I brought you
Your favorite
Thanks Ma
Mmhmm
I spying
mama window hon
No I wasnt
Well shouldve
Mighty pretty boy
dropped off
Youre old
appreciate that
Well Im gonna
bath
Im tired
straight bed
Night Ma
Night
Hey bud
its time
bed
Look Vallie
Your favorite
I told
Id come back
MAN YELLS ON TV
WATER RUNNING
Hey Ma
Mmhmm
Mr Sunday called
said hed like
come early tomorrow
Why
A big wreck 30
Three killed
Great Was hoping
quiet week
bone parlor
So I gonna
meet one
Who
Oh boy
Doubt it
Why
Aint future
99cent musician
You aint gonna
again
Aint point
We need man
help us hobble us
I aint getting
younger
Youre 31
Exactly
Why
You want meet him
SIGHS
Not especially no
Well good thing I didnt
ask in then huh
Id mamas
got thing cowboys
Looks way
I cant I blame her
LAUGHS
Your daddy
cowboy wasnt he
Thats Mom says
Pleasant too
Never met
em
Well shes got cowpoke
persuasion sure
You ought
bring around
introduce us
Oh got money
None speak of
Then forget it
Thank much
You sit down
Mr Hogan
You weak
accident
Oh thank you maam
I greet
guests
Do expect more
SIGHS
Not really
We havent
lived long
dont know folks
You
dearly departed
bought big Seminole
Valley spread didnt you
Yes did
Well theres
I you
let know
Mr Hogan
all
Well thank you maam
Bet dont anybody
help owie you
Well
I knew it I knew it
Im gonna come
lonely old house tonight
cook
good dinner
Oh well now
I cant ask that
Well aint asking
Im giving
Just think
services Mr Hogan
Well
way
Aint way
it
And dont worry
turnout okay
Im gonna sure

plenty folks
funeral procession
Okay
Okay
Okay
ORGAN PLAYING
Where
friends
Melody work
DQ
Loretta said I couldnt
force
tow truck
hot mechanics
Then offer dozen
You promised
Ma I promise
Its hard getting folks
funeral
body
dont know
Just try again
please
Go
All right Im going
I Pitney
That silly
redhaired kid
Hes got nice clothes
Go Call him
FOOTSTEPS
LAUGHS
What Goofy
Pitney taking Baton
twirling lessons
He wants
lead parades
Well
funeral procession
Close enough
This so
queer
Hey
youre getting paid
Aww Well
I
Two Kiss
buy sodie
Me too
Sure
We sit
backseat

like lovers
Yuck
Here Put on
What ratty
old thing
Put on
The way youre dressed
looks like were
mourning lost virtue
Just wear it
Pitney What
What doing
Give that
SIGHS
Thank you Mr Sunday
Everything splendid
Its enough
Mr Hogan
Bye
See later Fred
Fred
What to
Nothing
I told
business
personal mixer
Hes decent man
How I supposed
meet fella
How bout
church social
That pitiful lot
May raffle
VA hospital
SIGHS
Am Am I
hurting anybody
Mm mm mm
Hmm If I am
Id sure like know
What doing
Come on Lets go
Uhuh In minute
Aint
before
Uhuh
Jeez
it
This regular
makeout zone night
VALLIE CHUCKLES
Hes got cowboy boots on
So
Its weird
Uh here
Seems kind
sacrilegious
thats all
No want
sacrilege
come
Saturday night
This regular
Sodom Gomorrah
Really
Mmhmm
Come on
Lets go
This place creepy
car butt
boy
stuck face
Okay
Come on
Come on
Coming
CRICKETS CHIRPING
Hey Mrs Dinwiddie
Hey Tammy
Hey Addie
Does talk
Not me
Did good day
Passable Put poor
soul ground
Oh no
soul honey
body
Hows
lemonade
You look parched
Thanks
POURING LEMONADE
Spot UFOs today
Nope theys there
I tell you Addie
weve busier
June bee
chocolate lately
Oh I heard
wreck
Got
gas
explosion Hartleys
Oh I heard
terrible
Did
look frightful
Picture charbroiled
tater tots
idea
Oh dear
got hard job
Ive worse
Come
tenant farmers
Picked cotton collards
till I teenager
Oh I hear you honey
Called em sharecroppers
day
Thats I got lung
disease relief
Heh My daddy worked body
death fields
Only reason sharecroppers
younguns
Oh aint
truth
Take planting corpses
pulling cotton day
I hear you
LAUGHS
PLEASANT
Ever yonder
Where
Over sun
SIGHS
Suppose thats
Pas went
Why thinking
that
It
better there
Whyd go
Why want
aint been
Well
us Pleasant
Aint scared
Hmm
Scared ways
WHISPERING
OVERLAPPING CHATTER
Hi
Oh boys
wasting time
Yeah peach fuzz dont
turn Francine nohow
Wouldnt talk I
you Big Bird
Only thing thats
gonna mate
horny
old whooping crane
LAUGHS
Whoo
Jerk
VALLIE Never cared
Mickey
His buddy Old Rays piece
work too isnt he
I kids going
time
What think
theyre to
COWBOY
No good likely
BOYS LAUGHING
Whoo
What suppose
theyre there
FLASH WHOOSHES
Theyre picture taking
dope
Well duh
But what
Good question
One way
out
What Loretta
No wait Damn it
GIRLS LAUGHING
Careful
LAUGHING
I cant I cant see
Whoo
Okay
see
What Somebody
catch us
Do pussy
Come on
Oh my
Whoohoo
BOY Hee Hee
WHOOPING
LAUGHING
Oh God
What What
I cant really
What hell
think yall doing
Nothing
Uh
We aint
nothing
Mmmm
Come on
Bye
Stay away here
youll come
good hear
Tenkill
whats going on boy
Hey
Ahh
Ill
right there sugar
MICKEY
Come on
VALLIE Think Tenkills
cahoots em
COWBOY Lets
I got straight
Were trying figure
Tenkills
havent figured Mickey
Old Ray yet
Is right
Yeah
Tough call
best
distance anyway
SIGHS
Hard do
Hey there girlie
How doing
Fine
You know
I seen
nosing place
night
Ah its okay
Its okay
Maybe youd like
come sometime
LAUGHS
Nah its okay
Mm Well
maybe yous
little
grown up then
I think maybe I
gonna dance then
I tell what girl
gonna change life
Whatd
looking window
SIGHS
Not sure
Francine probably knows
theyre to
Francines
worldlywise
Mmhmm
Oh come on Please
Come on Stop it
Come on
No
Why not
Francine
I swear
mamas grave
We wont
tell nobody
Whend mama die
Loretta
I saw today
Piggly Wiggly
Well shes going
die sometime
Forget it
Youre young
What
supposed mean
We exact
age you
Yeah age dont
mean nothing
Sides
theres telling
theyd
I snitch
stop Go
Damn it
Shouldve snitched
Guess talking
experience hmm
Yep
Well I know sex
I seen
movies
Nothing wrong that
But its real
Nope its safe
ROCK N ROLL PLAYING
Bad side baby
War day night
Bad side baby
War day night
Been spying folks
lot lately
VALLIE It
Lorettas doing
Counting
morning
That different
TRUCK DOOR CLOSES
Yeah thats right
Come on
LAUGHS
TAMMY LAUGHS
Jeez Ma
Wifes barely cold
grave huh
Im helping man
trying time
Its job
Till Dawn
If I wait Mrs Dearly
Departed cold charity
somebody elsell
sidle me
Yeah wow
Doesnt
prize anyway
Look here girl
Theres lots men
there good bad
aint easy telling
chaff wheat
got cast
bread water
looking
right nibble
But shouldnt
worrying me
Gotta thinking
yourself
Well here
whats girl
know
married buffalo boy
Buffalo boy
Yeah know um
Oh Cody Lisa
Thats one
Yeah
Well she
man 14
Now want
aim low her
ought
nice boy you
Just dont coming home
belly blown up
Ill kick
butt out
Last thing I need
kids here
Two youse love
enough
Just cause ma
got married young Lisa
dont mean Im gonna
All I knows I like it
Thats cause Cody
knocked
sense you
Loretta
What
Its
like everybody
cant
themselves huh
He
I rub wrong
Besides
making ups nice
Ill bet
LAUGHS
You know Ill bet
ma
wants married

free you Val
My ma loves
yours
youre dirt
crosswise
I think ma
wants happy
Yeah Its lot
nicer married

man know
Oh
Well is
You lot
Every morn night
Get out
On weekends
likes midday too
Cody gets stiff worked
pretty regular
Aw damn I gotta
man
LAUGHS
I need one
Shh Cut that
Here comes Cody
Hey Vallie
Whats doing
Nothing
Hey Loretta
Hi Cody
Lisa telling
sweet man are
CHUCKLES Well
thats mighty nice
you sweet pea
Just truth
LAUGHS
Come here
CODY LAUGHS
Wow
We better
heading
See you
Bye
Bye
Dont
wouldnt do
Hey
supposed mean
We dont nothing
You speak
yourself
Maybe I cast bread
water more
All things considered
I think dough
use rising
FIRE CRACKLING
Suppose anybodyll
think Im pretty
Oh yeah
Yes honey will
More that
youre smart talented
Makes
triple threat
Theres world
Tardust birthing babies
Whats pollywog like
know world
I watch movies read
My teacher tells stuff
Uhhuh
Did hear
Mrs Bowes said

woman scientist
What
born poor us
No Gomer
Dying radioactive
How messed that
I want
scientist
I want like
Agatha Christie
great writer
Heh
How
gonna writer
Poor kid
sticks
Mrs Bowes says Agatha didnt
father like me
Except Pa died
Yours
ran away
loser Chief
VALLIE
Loretta says men
want thing
women got it
COWBOY I dont know
men predictable
Some
complex sensitive
I know somebody like that
I know do
Not you
Ah pretty boy
school
youre
gawking at
He pretty boy
Well hell
better be
Thats lot hanging
waiting ugly
VALLIE
I gawk him
COWBOY You stare like
hound dog hambone
Thats gawking
Well
hes affecting
Hey I saw
fighting
boys school
What
about
I stepped
dumb old baseball
cards accident
Whered learn
nasty words called him
Ive around
Well stop it Youre
em wrong anyway
And pay attention
youre going
Gosh
I pay attention plenty
Only darn
Indian Tenkill
Do not
Do so
I dont like it
I dont trust him
Hey Pleasant
I told
native legend
Uhuh
Well
well beginning
time
world cold
It cold
SHIVERS
But thunders
see
brought lightning
Poom
Crack
CRACKLES
And struck
hollow tree afire
distant island
And see Raven
screech owl
flew
try fire
And Raven
white
tried pick up
burned hisself
thats
hes black now
Oh
Yeah Screech Owl
rubbed eyes
hard smoke
thats owls
got big old eyes
Hoo
Hoo
Hoo
LAUGHS
Anyway couldnt
way pick fire
So finally
water spider
came crawling
water
She spun tutsi bowl
back
A bowl
Tutsi bowl
Mean like
Tootsie Roll
No its bowl
Its important
Can I finish story
I dont
Tootsie Roll part
Forget that
This
plain old bowl okay
Okay
All right
So water spider
she ember
tut
bowl brought
water
creatures
forever after
thats world
fire
Do Indians believe that
Eh anymore
thats
pretty good story eh
Its okay
Not good
Saturdaymorning cartoons
I suppose
Not XMen
LAUGHS
Shoot
You didnt tell mother
hanging Tenkill
LAUGHS
Nah course not
Shed pissed
That mighty queer
family
Mothers hot
cowboys
brothers
chasing Injun
Well Mom thinks
hes slow
Doesnt like shed
know that
No
schoolwise
hes rickety
WOMAN
Pleasants teacher I
feel needs
tutoring Mrs Russell
special
education school
TAMMY Thats
retards aint it
LAUGHS NERVOUSLY
Challenged term
I think
better selfesteem
children
didnt outperform him
You think itll better
Pleasants selfesteem
situated
bunch morons
I think thats best way
looking it Mrs Russell
Well look
way want to okay
Im gonna need
think it
Um wont kicking
boy out you
No No
course not
Okay Thank you
Come on
Part
father rescuing
There are
Hi Ma
Hello Mrs Russell
Hello Ready
I hoping
I talk you
Oh Youre
gonna tell
girls idiot
you
Oh gosh no
Why I that
Shes talented
Really
Yes Vallie
good writer
In fact
wrote story
Id like enter
national contest
Whats gonna cost
Well um Im sure
school pay fees
Okay then
Uh think
sending Vallie
Latin School
Oklahoma City
Latin What goods
gonna her
Thats
school Mrs Russell
Miss
Oh Im sorry I
No its okay
Its common mistake
Well thank you
Ms Bowes
Mrs
Good you
Night
Come on Pleasant
Lets go bud
Thank you
Bye
Appreciate it
SIGHS
Hey Ma
Mmhmm
What think
getting Latin School
Oh Vallie
going afford that
And purpose hon
Do think youre gonna
President something
She thinks
I writer
Oh hon
Yeah
You gotta sensitive
limitations birth
Your best bet
like Elaine Howser
pitiful mama
matter
nice man
away
hardscrabble life
Aint seen hide hair
I 10
Dont mad
Mad No
Who blame her
Daddy worked
like dogs
worse dogs
Evening ladies
God damn it got
airs
trailer trash
chickpea
VALLIE
I hate him Ma
Some bitches
Being neighborly
all
PLEASANT
All right Bikes
Why
good stuff
Im wishbook beast
Yeah
I
one
ooh one
Youd
threebike boy
Yeah
Your turn
All right
Come on Be good
THUNDER CRASHES
What
Lawn furniture
We dont lawn
Yeah exactly
Wait minute
Whats that
Its Black  Decker
bug zapper
Cool Ill trade
bikes it
Okay
But I want Razor
Okay
THUNDER CRASHES
Tenkill says
Thunderbird makes thunder
protect
witches night
Hey thats
heathen stuff
CRICKETS CHIRPING
Vallie
Pleasant youre
supposed asleep
I cant
Can
dream on
Yeah
Ready
Yeah
SIGHS
HELICOPTER WHIRRING
Imagine youre
ferocious battle
Your men pinned
Slaughterhouse Hill
Only person
speed daring
hill
save em
Sergeant Russell
fighting man fury
This ones cool
Can
here
Yeah
Night Vallie
Night Pleasant
We got cool stuff
Moms Birthday Val
Yeah sure did
What looking at
Really perform
I just
I cant tell
meant me Just
Thats kind
say
Thank you
Thank you
Such pleasure
Goodbye
Thanks Goodbye
Hello
Hi
Did want
sign book
Oh I I dont one
Oh Would
like book
Yes please maam
I would
LAUGHS
Thank you Bobby
Whats name
Vallie Sue
Thats pretty
Thank you
Goodbye
Bye
Whatd write
Turn dreams ambitions
tomorrows daily bread
Whats mean
She thinks
change diet
Wow cool
Hows know
eat
Come on bud
I dont her
Is her
Oh no
Some dumb old guys
her
Oh great
TAMMY Ill there
Give minutes
darling
Shh Quiet Quiet
Get down Get down
Surprise
Surprise
Now the
What
to
Happy Birthday Mom
Look got you
Happy Birthday
Mom
GASPS
You sweet
All me
Its presents Ma
Me Val
saving forever
Well I expect
have
Now bout
later though okay
I got
somebody waiting
Aw Mom
He wants
birthday dinner
Aint nice
Look Ill blow
candles
well celebrate later okay
Make wish
Mmm
CAR HORN HONKS
Okay I gotta
on
KISSES
Later okay
She dont like
stuff Val
She does
Shes busy
Want cake
Nah I dont want any
WIND BLOWING
Check out
You know
Natives believe
spirits
inhabit animals
Do believe that
I think theres
guardian spirits
so yeah its possible
He wont run away
he
Ill sure
doesnt
Wow
Well
bell this
well tie
neck
Then youll
know hes at
Im gonna
Spirit Kay
Well parts
you
Hes cat
Yeah
SPIRIT MEOWS
Vallie look I got
LAUGHS
MEOWS
Wow its cute
Whered it
Tenkill gave me
MEOWS
Uhuh
Ma
What doing
Take this
Hey
What thinking
I trying
nice Pleasant
But
Whats wrong you
Just stop it
BLOWS
I dont time watch
Pleasant minute
You help
better eye him
I know
Ma dislike
Tenkill much
My God
hes like primitive
heathen stories
Godawful savage myths
Thinks wheedle way
family Pleasant
improve station
marrying white woman
Our people civilized
country
We got business sinking
savage ways
trashing family tree
Bad
gotta contend
boy thats slower
slug May
TAMMY Where
boy anyways
VALLIE I dont know
He ran somewheres
Well better
gets dark
HORSE SNORTS
I dont know
people stand smoking
Common appetite
Part human
Looks stupid
Thanks
sugarcoating it
Loretta says
Mas got
powerful
appetite men
HORSE NEIGHS
Well thats
nother story
Hmm
Francine
filthy little slut
Is I
raised be
Ma Im sorry
YELLING
Youre hurting me Ma
Go
Leave alone
You go Now
You it
Mom
Go
Leave alone
VALLIE Hey Ma
Mmhmm
Uh I heard Francines ma
screaming
cause came
concession stand boy
pulling
pants up
Ah Tenkill ought tear
damn old concession stand down
Never
good
Think Old Ray sold
drugs once
Mm
Did mess
lots boys

Francines age
Not exactly proper
question mom hon
But I
share beaus
How come
marry em
Marryings
business
gotta worthwhile
Hmm
What
widow man
SIGHS Up
ears debt hon
Good thing I went
desk
We dont need
problems we
Nah
No maam
Going man
like
wildcatting hon
Youre searching
good claim
land doubtful
productivity
And
I like prospecting
I aint hanging
Wells
Remember hon
man
drilling
its women
takes risk
See pretty
makes feet
Yeah
Hey important
Like honey bees
sweetie
Hmm
Would marry
plentiful well
Not anyone
Cant marry
beneath yourself
CHUCKLES
Like Tenkill
Exactamo
LORETTA I bet
hot young
Ma says
allstate halfback
says hes real strong
Used twist nails
girlfriends
fingers steady rings
Wow
Ma says ma
thing him
Nuhuh
Mmhmm Swear
GIGGLES
My ma says
followed around
Yours says more
shes liar
Okay Dont mad
Im saying
I heard
Ah look old Dinwiddie
garbage picking
Suppose Tenkill
pays that
No Shes
got life
TIRES SQUEAL
RADIO PLAYING MUSIC
CODY What doing
Nothing
Just hanging
Hey got
cigarette
Sure
I cant
I want believe
Take away
Take away
I love car
Cody man
Yeah Thats cool
I try live it
Hey hop in
Well Two Kiss
hang
We that
Yeah
Cant we
Vallie Sue
I mean
I got money
Oh sweat
I got Andy Jackson
burning hole
Okay
Give room dude
What
In back dope
Come on
Oh Oh yeah Yeah
So away
Hi Vallie Sue
Hey Boyd
Bang it
Take away
Where milk honey
run like
Boyd aint
Indian
Uh yeah Yeah
You know tribe
Uh Choctaw
aint like
I live res
You know
ashamed of
Eh pride
neither
like winning
lottery something
LAUGHS
No I guess not
Hey yyou want
sometime
Hey Loretta
What
Well jeez
Well jeez what
Nothing
Im sorry What
Uh out
like movie
Oh yeah I guess
Maybe well
Pocahontas
CHUCKLES
Okay
Oh ththat joke
Yeah
LAUGHS
Oh
RUNNING FOOTSTEPS
Think marry
Indian
I dont know
Lot bad blood
Hmm Like
Little Big Horn
Or Little Big Man
Or Wounded Knee
You know folks
dont mix well
Yeah half states
got Indian blood
Guess people
got clothes off
bad blood
turns hot
LAUGHING
MUTTERS SQUEALS
Wait Okay
COWBOY This
peculiar territory
awful pretty places
look close
grounds
rocks
worst
damn dirt creation
Not good growing
all
I hate
brings em home
I hate it
Sounds dangerous
Exactly
And disturbing sure
Yeah You dont
know half
Oh God
CAR ENGINE STARTS
Hey Ma
Yeah
Whyd
bring home
You
bring home
Please Vallie
Its early
He saw
underwear
He didnt touch you
he
Nah course not
Well then
Aint right
Its not
Why didnt
place Ma
We couldnt
He said
getting place
redone something
Redone
Hes married Ma
Youre screwing
married men stupid
Dont talk
like that young lady
GASPS
BOTH GRUNTING
I hate you
After Ive
you snot
Get me
PLEASANT Stop it
Stop it
Youre bad
Youre bad people
I hate you
I hate both
Youre ugly
pieces hosebeast
Pleasant
Pleasant
Christ
Gosh damn it
BOTH PANTING
What us
I dont know
He hears things
mixes em sometimes
Damn it
Im homewrecker
Youre getting older now
You need
finding man
like I
I age
I dont know
longer
live
roof Get me
Yeah I you
Pleasant
Sorry
Im sorry
I uh
I love anybody
You know that
Hey gotta
friends okay
No matter what
You promise
Promise
Okay lets go
I dont like
here
CHUCKLES
CRICKETS CHIRPING
Where going
I thought wed head
cemetery
whats doing
YYou been
Oh night
Ah
Whats that
Oh its its uh
Buzz Bikers
Easy Living
Its cheap
its good
Um no thanks
BOYD You gotta
loosen up Vallie Sue
All thats gonna loosen
dinner
BAND PLAYING
There is darling
Wow
Its huge
It surely is darling
LAUGHS
SNORTS
Come on Let
works
Whoop
RADIO PLAYING MUSIC
Hey Codys car
Uh yeah is
Aww
He brings Lisa here
That probably aint Lisa
CHUCKLES
What you No
Vallie stop
What you
Cant bothering people
got heads down
Hey
SCREAMS
Jesus
VALLIE
I knew it
Vallie
What here
I cant believe you
Loretta
either Cody
Boyd
Boyd hell
here
Whats matter
you
Im trying her Vallie
Get shirt on
Get here
Please I told you
Vallie I told you
Hey yall
got class
You know that
No class
MAN Where going
TAMMY I dont
orgies moron
Lonnie bitch
here
Shes spoiling vibe
Hey
Get hands me
GRUNTS
God damn it
Whats matter
you jackass
You trying kill me
Wait What Wait
You cant leave here
dirty lowdown scum
YELLS
CRICKETS CHIRPING
SSo what
Home
Yeah
RADIO PLAYING
BIG BAND MUSIC
I dont want
preach Tammy
Then dont
out
But I think coming
middle night
gives rights
Youre old
this dear
Really
How old fitting
proper
chucked bus
mud hole
You know I mean
How girls
tonight
kids home
We didnt trade
family pictures
Not many I bet
I thought
didnt gamble
Youre young mare
anymore dear
You got Miles
Its time
face it
Its time
settle down
SIGHS
Its time
Whens time
SIGHS
Hey Vallie Sue
Mickey
Come sec
darling
Come on
Yeah
So I heard that
uh Boyd
yall set Guinness record
short dates night
Who told that
Well
papers
Uh listen here
darling
Boyd aint man
anyhow
SNIFFS
Sweet young thing
like you
mmm
need experienced
old hand like Mick
Ill
ride
Just ask
Francine here
Ask what
I offering
services
Vallie here
LAUGHS
She way good
you Mickey
Now hells
supposed mean
Vallies smart
Shes gonna
writer Professor
something

place
Is so
Yeah is
Hmm Well
sweet young chicken
me darling
I aint chicken
Come on lover
Ugh Your hands
sticky
Get me
Kick ass out
Hey Vallie
Homewrecker
CHUCKLES
I aint wrecking
nothing okay
Cody dont like Lisa
more
Hes getting divorce
Says who
Says Cody
LAUGHS
Vallie
He love me
Ahem Look
What that
A bee sting
Its hickey
dope
Ah gross
Okay guys dont
hickey
Look He gave
chest
Dont
showing that
especially Im
going revival
You are
Yeah
Do want
come you
Lightningll strike
anywheres near it
Oh Vallie come on He
dont like Lisa more
Sure He dont
like much
screws
twice day
times
Sunday
You shock sometimes
Vallie Sue
You know that
You do
Wait
PREACHER We
temptations
paraded
day day
billboards
bumper stickers
televisions
Tshirts
leading away
true path
righteousness
Now I saw
earlier
I disturbing
I seen statue
cemetery
Jesus cowboy boots
Is Jesus
Matthews gospel
No
Of Johns
No
No no Jesus
according John Wayne
Beware false prophets
brethren
come
sheeps clothing
Repent
know
true Savior
Hes talking
you Loretta
You know I feel
Spirit Val
You feel guilty
I saved
good anybody
No want
easy
Eh sos everybody
PIANO PLAYING
That means
anything
Well folks usually do
RADIO
1335
POLICE RADIO CHATTER
VALLIE
Hey whats going on
Well youll
believe
Francines missing
VALLIE What
She run away
CHUCKLES
Some say
I think
murdered
Murdered
Why anybody
kill Francine
Cause shes slut
Sluts
movies
Hey
GUNSHOT
You suppose
Mickey Old Ray

Francine disappearing
Could
Theyre lowdown enough
She said theyd
told anyone
Pretty strong evidence
And
Tenkill
Indians
mighty fearsome
I wish help
You best stay clear
boys darling
Dont I know
SCREAMS VOICES ECHOING
Get ass
there
FRANCINE YELLS
Vallie
TENKILL
Stay away here
WOMAN
Stay away here
SIREN BLOOPS
CAR DOOR CLOSES
POLICE RADIO CHATTER
DISPATCHER Car D25
code 6
105 North Avenue 202
CHATTER CONTINUES
Itll
time
To sort
daughters accusation
Gotta talk
fellas
Mickey
look Francine
I cant believe Tenkill

hurting Francine Sheriff
Well didnt Miss
Russell well out
Those fellas
gonna mad hell
They wont bother you
Ill sure it
Talk soon
Come on Oh
Hey Ma
What
Whyd stand
Tenkill
Known
half life
But I saw him
Well I dont know
saw
Tenkill wouldnt help
Old Ray change tire
kill somebody
Thought
didnt like him
Likings got
it
Youre accusing
murder
I cant believe
accused Tenkill
He wouldnt
hurt nobody
If I
again
I wont talk
more
But
See done
You gotta sympathy
girl Sheriff
She fell pony
little right head
Ever since
shes different
Some neighbors
Im afraid
think shes touched
Exactly fancy
ideas Sheriff
Please Clint
Clint
Oh
I love name
Reminds
Clint Eastwood
You do too
Hey I didnt up
Francines missing
But evidence
hurt her
Maybe dreamt it
honey
Dreamt it
Sure Sometimes
disturbing thoughts head
wake up
think
happened
Right Clint
Its happened
me
You
understanding Clint
STRUMS GUITAR
You
wallop head
Ma drags story
time I embarrass her
I dont remember
thing
You think dreamt it
I dont know They do
So let em go huh
Yeah
Not good
Nah
Theys pissed
CHUCKLES
Well aint
old buddy Vallie Sue
I tell I love
Vallie Sue Mick
Oh sure
You tell
love
Vallie Sue

eat her
Thats right
Id eat up
Why dont smile
Birdie girl
Hey got right
that
Oh rights
Heh
We begun exercising
rights darling
Jerks
LAUGHS
Whoo
Whatd Ms Bowes want
Uh She wanted
talk mom
trying
scholarship
Latin School
Oklahoma City
LAUGHS Well
shell
missing persons
that
Speaking missing
I saw Francine
missingperson
poster
Oh no aint missing
She ran away
You said
murdered
Daisy Shoop
said saw
bus station
day vanished
And sides need body
bloody clothes murder
Why run away
CHUCKLES Well
father
donating family
jewels local stud farm
Huh
You know probably
ran Hollywood
She want
movie star
Either way
aint coming back
That cool
Im happy
LAUGHS
Hey whats going on
Youll guess
LORETTA Well I gotta guess
I dont want know
Lisas pregnant
Pregnant
Uhhuh
Two months
Wow Well
congratulations
MUSIC PLAYING
TRUCK HONKS
Whoo
Whoo
Yeah boy
PANTING
Hey Ma
Mmhmm
I need talk you
Oh I cant talk
right now
Well Mickey Old Ray
me
Oh ignore them Theyre
trying scare you
Yeah theyre
good job
They
ran road
Oh expect
theyd love you
I dont time
deal crazy
stories right now
The Sheriffll
em line
What thats
damn important
I told you
I got date
guy I
seeing rancher
So
So
Hes exrodeo star
hes nice
Okay
Uhhuh
All right
Whats name
Hooty Hargrove
Hooty
Thats stage
corral
something
I Hoyt
Thats
Christian name
Hoyt Hargrove
Aint nice
Great Yep
KNOCK ON DOOR
Oh thats him Okay
So need
stay away
mangy
characters hear
Mmhmm
Wish luck
Yeah
VALLIE This guy
isnt like others
COWBOY How so
Well Heh
Think hes gusher shes
prospecting for
Says hes gonna
savior
Tall order
Heh
Yeah
COUNTRY MUSIC PLAYING
MAN Hey look
Its Hooty
Look that
Hey Hooty
Oh yes is
Hooty you
Oh good Good
Im
biggest fan
Boy I seen ride
million times
Yes has
Ah thank you
Thank much
Oh uh
wife Denise
Hi
Oh pleasure
Its nice
meet you
I
adore ads
Mammon Meats
Mr Hargrove
Oh well
thank you maam
We best
Now
rodeo star too
Oh no Im
Hoyt
Sure looks like
movie star Hooty
Yes does
Ah sure does
Mr Hargrove I dont
want out
mind signing
autograph son
Why sure Why sure
Id happy to
Oh thank
much
You got it
Denise Mmhmm
Its Denise
There is
There is
Would
sign it too
Me You dont want
autograph
Yes I do
Yeah does
She does Gotta
public happy hon
Okay
Thank you
You
lovely couple
Ah thank you
Do
children
Nah No No
We dont want younguns
running here
Been there
that
When
rocknroll band
Thank you
Thats nice
So nice meet you
Thank much
Nice meet folks
You guys
fun now
Ooh honey
Look em
There go
Hooty LAUGHS
Hooty
Vallie
Ma come home
night
Nah Come here bud
Thats days
She hasnt stayed
away days
Yeah
Well called
said shed
home later
This gonna
dad
I I dont know
If hes
gonna dad
ought meet him
dont think
Well
hes marrying us
Not high
Hey lookit
right there
Thats
little shits cat
MICKEY
Lets him man
MEOWS
Whoo Whoo
Yeah boy
SCREAMING
Pleasant
Wait
Vallie
Oh
Someone
killed Spirit
Spirit
He looks terr
No no dont touch it
Im sorry
Its it
Okay
Its him
I cant
leave here
I know I know bud
Im sorry okay
Look um uh
go box
Okay hurry
Im gonna watch him
Were gonna
Were gonna hide him
Were gonna properly
bury school
Okay
And Tenkill help
We We dont
need Tenkill
We
Tenkill
Okay okay Well Tenkill
I promise
Go box
Kay bud
Oh Spirit
Well I think
thats plenty deep
Spirit
Do think theres
Heaven Tenkill
Well I think
theres unity life
share kinship

lives dies
matter
big small
Hey
theres Heaven
Spirits it
HUMMING
Hi hon
Hi
You going
somewhere
Just getting things
Hoyts
I wear
shirts today
Can believe it
LAUGHS Oh
Yeah
lot
Honey
having
wonderful time
I cant believe it
LAUGHS
Its easy
Mm
Pleasant
misses lot
Oh sweetheart
Mm Well tell
Ill home
tomorrow night
Hoyt willing
You okay
Mmhmm Yeah
Im us
know
Yeah sure
Oh God
You know Pleasants
spending
lots time
Tenkill
He has
Well
Tenkill likes him
Hell right
Theres money groceries
counter
See tomorrow
Hopefully
LAUGHS
Might be
Oh that
Pleasant
doing
Thought I saw rat
Wha A rat
Whats matter
you
Get there
VALLIE
Groceries
Oh yeah
PLEASANT
What it
Poster Francine
Sweet Whats
her
Read yourself
Writings small
You cant read that
What
Hey girlie
CHUCKLES
Wheres ma at
Shes around
RAY Yeah
Cause I aint seen
lately
She went
brokedown rodeo star
leave
little chickens us
Hey I aint chicken
Heh heh
Keep up chickpea
Im gonna squash
like raggedy
old cat yours
Hey You wont
sort hear
You better
leave alone
Come on
Come on Pleasant
Come on
Its talk
SPITS
Hey buddy
Yeah
I uh I think
need glasses
Yeah
Mmhmm
Dont know
I want them
Why
Look
Thurley Breakbill
Thurley Whos he
Guy school
Kids tacks
chair
Thats mean
Yeah He jumps mile
And time
Skeet Rooch
gave noogies
file cleaner
I suppose Thurley
wears glasses
Mmhmm
Ahh
Whoo yeah
LAUGHING
All right
All right
You Hey
CHATTER
BANGING CONTINUES
Hell shebang
Vallie Sue
Oh God
Hey Vallie Sue
come out
little girl
Whats going on
Mickey
Old Ray
RAY Come
Old Ray
Sounds like rhino
right
Shh No no no
I know youre there
CHUCKLES
I smell you girl
Okay Mm Mm
LAUGHS
MICKEY
Slide here
Wheres mom at girl
Is riding that
brokedown old cowboy
LAUGHING
Ride us Vallie Sue
Come out
Ride like cowgirl
BOTH LAUGHING
ADDIE
Hey fools
Do know
time is
Hey shut up
old hag
Shut
I cops
lousy
stinking swine
LAUGHS
Come on Come on
Come on Ray
We dont want
troubles Johnny Law
LAUGHING
Whew
Get truck
dumb bitches
Go on Get down
Well look
decided up
Now dont frosty
Ashley
I rushed
Huh
Its Hoyt
wont let leave
Its kind sweet
know
No And hes paying
time
Ashley
You tell I
got
responsibilities
Okay Okay Dont
feathers up
Whos new stiff
Decedent please
Doris Dinwiddie
What
I know her
Hmm
Jeez
Howd go
Turned gas
Oh no
SIGHS
What stuff
Ah things
Tenkill
dropped em off
She pretty
Mm
What
gonna it
She got family
I know of
Heard
son once
Yeah
SIGHS
RADIO HOST
Welcome to
Hey Pleasant
Weve discussing
Pleasant
SIGHS
Where you
Sightings weve
having recently
Come on
Hey
Mrs Stubblefield
RADIO
how UFOs and
seen Pleasant
No Ought
home hour
Yeah I know
Well Ill eye
him though
Thanks
See saucers
No theys there
You good night
PATS TRUCK
Regarding alien
relation
Pleasant I aint
messing around
CRICKETS CHIRPING
MICKEY
Pleasant
Over here Pleasant
COYOTE HOWLS
COYOTE HOWLS
Pleasant
OWL HOOTING
VALLIE
Pleasant
Pleasant
Hey Pleasant
Come on I aint
messing around
Hello little girl
CHUCKLES
Here chick chick
chick chick
Wheres Pleasant
Oh Pleasant
Pleasant Over here Pleasant
Where he
Shh
Dont worry
Pleasant little girl
Cause Im gonna
pleasant plenty
So got
settling do eh
GASPING
Tenkill
Now aint
bothering you Tenkill
This aint
yours
Injun Move on
Hey maybe wants
piece her Ray huh
RAY Oh it
You want piece
her too dont you
RAY Come over
big boy
CHUCKLES
Yeah come on T
GASPING
You know
remind of
That scum
collects creek
current
cant carry away
You dont want mess
us Tenkill
No dont Injun
LAUGHS
Yeah
Well boys

me
I dont
think can
better
killing me
cause
leave alive
Ill knife
gun
takes
kill you
near
dear you
Ill erase
trace
face
earth
So question
gotta ask
want
mess me
What hells
matter you
The girl
jail
Come on now
What it
You want yourself
Is it
Then ahead
You her
kemo sabe
Shes yours
Come on Mickey
Come on
What hells
matter
Lets go
GASPS
Val okay
Yeah
All right
Good
Wheres Pleasant
Hes safe
Hes place
He is
Yeah
All right come on
Lets here
All right
I
scared him
COWBOY
Understandable
way mama
badmouthed him
And hes
really uh
Hes really
Indian
Yeah
Yeah
The worlds
damn confusing
Hard know
believe anymore
LAUGHS
Hey Vallie
Hi
I
got trouble
Whyd help me
Whyd
trouble
Thought I
right
There go
Why doesnt
mother like you
SIGHS
Well its
doesnt like me
Its kind
Yeah
The Indians
LAUGHS
Yeah
Except rich ones maybe
Pleasant
likes lot
I like him too
You spend lots
time him
Yeah some
Hey you uh
ma
I expect I did
Hes son
isnt he
Heh
Why didnt
tell us Huh
Youre father
I accused
that
Well I
I thought
bad person I did
Dont
sense
Hi hon
Hi
Been waiting
you
We gotta talk
Yep
Something wrong
Uhuh
Got
good news hon
Oh yeah
Well
Hoyt mes
getting married
LAUGHS
Married huh
Thats right
Wow
Thats good
I guess huh
It is
It is
isnt
CLEARS THROAT
Why
Well hon I dont
know it
Ill
plain
Hoyt aint fond
kids
Fact dont
want any
Which fine me cause
I that but know
presents
problem cause
Cause Pleasant I
Well yeah
Whats want do
Kill us
Dont smartass
He dont want
thing
Dont know
you
CHUCKLES
He doesnt know us
I told him I said I
keeping sisters kids
while
know favor
Ma dont
sister
Well
thats point
The point
dont want trouble
gotta
plan Kay
A plan
Yeah suppose
got those
Well I do I do
You sit down Ill
tell plan
Sit Sit down
All right
Ready
Mmhmm
Well know
Tinsy Johnson
owns Country
Kitchen right
Well shes offered let
stay
work
restaurant
Aint nice
And know
Tinsys got son
gonna inherit
place day
Uh I dont want
work Tinsys
Dont
that okay
You gotta help me
Youre trying
ditch me Ma
I aint
thing
I right you
youre gonna
spoil now
This man
deliverance
I need
here
I need
own
Okay
What Pleasant
Oh
Well Pleasant
Pleasant
likes Tenkill
and Tenkill well
Im pretty sure
hes gonna look
while
Fact
I know will
Okay youre
going split up
Im that
Youre gonna
other
Ma cant
stay here
Because county
folks

alone Id deep
Come on baby
Come on
Youre gonna like Tinsy
I promise Honest
And Tenkill gonna
protect Pleasant
I know will He will
like you
Okay
GASPS
Pleasant
look you
I got em I aint
wearing em time
Okay honey
got em you
If I tell
wont em
away you
Of course not
Now bought em
you
Tenkill
He took doc
He did
See
Mama knows
Why cant
something
CRIES
THUNDER RUMBLING
MUSIC PLAYING
RUMBLING CONTINUES
NO AUDIBLE DIALOGUE
FIRE CRACKLING
Isnt shame
Real shame
I watch lot
movies old screen
All boyhood heroes
John Wayne
Burt Lancaster
Charles Bronson
I dreamed
like em
thought
I dreamed enough

come true
Hell I
stayed here
Pretty soon
I stopped dreaming
So
gonna that
Just hang
life
hoping miracle
I want
Oklahoma City
Oklahoma City
Heh For what
Mrs Bowes recommended
scholarship
Oh Well
Ive got idea
What
You know I know
woman Oklahoma City
Heh She runs
boardinghouse
Its Indian kids
I bet
in

Indian
That you
Come on
Hey bud
Yeah
I love you
Love you too
Come here
You good hear
I hear
Bye
Bye
Bye you
COWBOY You know
folks Tardust
thought lightning
old movie screen in
Others said
Mickey Old Ray
torched revenge
Others well
thought
Tenkill got tired
burned
damn thing down
maybe break hold
Vallie Sue
But Vallie
decided her
She willed fire
cause time
And I suppose couldve
Anythings possible
Tardust
MOTORCYCLE STOPS
Hey
Hi
Want ride
Yeah
Okay Hop on
Where going
Oklahoma City
Whoa
I cant
far
How bout bus
station Acacia
Yeah I that
Hold tight hon
Hey
Yeah
Dont
hon okay
My Vallie Sue Tenkiller
Injun
Yeah
CHUCKLES
Anything wrong
that
Not damn thing
WHERE I BELONG
BY SWITCHFOOT PLAYS
Oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh oh
Feeling like refugee
Like
dont belong
The colors
flash sky
This air
feels strange
Feeling like tragedy
I deep breath
close eyes
One time
Oh oh oh oh
Oh oh oh oh
One time
Oh oh oh oh oh
Forever
NEW SONG BEGINS
Im getting tired
diners dusty roads
Theres gotta

God I hope
I dreaming

Even Ive

Wasting time
driveins getting old
Try forget
feelings taking hold
That I run
run run
To city lights
gold
To girl
Looking
At
rearview mirror
Goodbye
So long
Im going I belong
And Ill chase sun
sky
Till disappears
Ive trapped
somebody elses world
But Im finally
leaving tonight
Exodus
This exodus
I know
But
I dont understand
Some Im crazy
But I guess
Ill chance
But I hearing
faroff place
Calling
Gathered things
And its time
hitch ride
Thought itd harder
But smile
hard hide
Im finally ready
To fall love
world
To girl
Holding
Those tears
rearview mirror
Goodbye
So long
Im going I belong
And Ill chase sun
sky
Till disappears
Ive trapped
somebody elses world
But Im finally
leaving tonight
Exodus
This exodus
Exodus
Exodus
Ah ah ah
Ah ah ah
Ah ah ah
My exodus
Ah ah ah
Ah ah ah
Ah ah ah
Ah ah ah
My exodus
Ah ah ah
Ah ah ah
Ah ah ah
Ah ah ah
Ah ah ah
To girl
No longer
Looking
rearview mirror
Goodbye
So long
Ive come I belong
And Ill chase sun
sky
Till disappears
Ive trapped
somebody elses world
But Im finally
leaving tonight
Exodus
This exodus
Exodus
This exodus
