 music playing 
Boy I fly solo
Trust me
I team player
I athlete
I dont know
swim

sources
ridicule Ive gotten
freshman year

golden boys
Saint Raymonds
swimming team
enjoying today
Thats Matt Prylek
schools best swimmer
worst nightmare
And thats me Tommy Dolen
supplying
laughs
My dad tried teach
swim
warmth
thats going here
didnt work
either
Welcome
new school year
Now told
moment
that month
I develop
unlikely friendship
I said
swallowed way water
Above noise
Ill 
I hear voice
head
Its telling
slow
Im thinking I
clue
My thoughts flying
bounds
Im hoping
miracle true
Tommy VO
Look I know lot people
worse me
couldnt
tell looking them
like kid whos
bumming coinage
days
He told parents
lost jobs
And I want know
Why I wake
morning
searching
 laughter 
Something
I cant
Abby
Your boss ready
yet
 laughter 
Seasons change
And clouds dont lie
And I try know
How feels fly
 laughing 
The night
I felt lonely
 entry bell rings 
Are kidding
Theyll kill me
I dont mean teachers
principal
Ill talk boys
Maybe want
pal around
They didnt know
cant swim
 laughs  Of course
knew right
Today worst
its today
Its day
The names texts
online humiliation
taking shots
stealing lunches
Why didnt tell me
I afraid youd
invite
Sunday dinner
I braciole
Theyd like that
Table seven needs
check
Listen Just think
If
got
talked
 TV Announcer  This week
were announcing final ists
Teenage
Cooking Contest
right
Mealtime Network
winner
walk

TV show
plus special
grand prize
Ill revealing
little later
I told you
right
Im joining
contest
Its past
deadline
Should have
Could won
Well its late now
right
thats
I want
excuses
 entry bell rings 
Ill finish here
Go wait
new customer
Prylek
Im
hoping hear

life imprisonment
day
I think thisd
start
Her family
moved Kansas
She goes school
Shes blogger
explained
was
Ill care
tables four
Here
You Sarah
When gonna learn
dont
alone
Just talk
minute
 TV Announcer 
Our special added
prize
50000
today were
announcing
contestant
ones
local boy
Saint Raymonds
Tommy Dolen
 plates clatter 
 gasps 
Thanks Rip Only
contestants
left announced
Then tune
week
 Tommy VO  Im sorry
16 square
compete
 Tommy VO 
IIm sorry
Im really sorry
and 50000
 telephone line ringing 
 Matt VO  You told Abby
job
You helped
here
Shell talk
boss
MAN Think so
She
isnt picking up
Ill fix
morning
Mangia bello
I know I
told
I taking
pizzelles
TV station
entering
contest
I cant talk TV
right
Can

tell
I cant it right
Im sorry I
Neds school
Yeah I think
I cant
I cant right
Gran  kiss 
I love you Bye
Bye
Matty Matty
Your alarm clock
broken
Five minutes
dressed out
Tommy VO Once month
I pay rent
landlord
pizzeria Ned Foley
Hey Dolen
You braindead
Tommy VO Like I saying
month
I Ned Foleys
landlord
Grans pizzeria
pay rent
knew todays visit
trigger
completely unexpected
 telephone line ringing 
Ill
shows up
 Ned laughs 
Sold all I want
level entire block
Now problem
gonna
old lady runs
pizza place
Shes
War 1812
doesnt
chain places
killing her
My grandfather
stupid clause
lease
I hope
doesnt remember it
Not itll help
though
Dont think
goofy grandson
dime
names
Look shes
gonna problem
I need help
this
right
Just like
pub
Then
I demolition
job you
I
recommend
buyer
build
brandnew
 rattles 
Oh
Hold second
Yeah
problem
Did withdraw
contest yet
Okay good
Dont right
Ill later
Tommy VO I usually try
stay radar
I gotta
Gran know
makes things
worse school
When I curled
pool deck
choking water
Matt Prylek bragging
buddies
brother helped
exgirlfriend Abby
score job Assistant
Principals new secretary
Prylek
dangerous before
Now hes got skeleton key
school
As new
zerotolerance policy
effective immediately
suspended

extracurricular
activities
What
Thats total
Woman And infraction
school rules
result
expulsion
home schooling
June
Uh Ms Sykes
its Mattys
senior year
All assistant coaches
fromfrom colleges
wants
finally come him so
Mr Prylek
Im aware Matthews
Kyle please
Swimming
Mattys life
 knock door 
Come in please
Oh sorry
I didnt realize

meeting
Uh Coach Nadley called
I reconfirmed
antibullying
campaign meeting
board 1100
Sorry bother you
No
Thanks Abby
Uhhuh
Matthew
Ill reduce
suspension
onemonth
period youll
One month
Are out
What I
do
People
look you
Stop
bullying
immediately
If
antibullying
role model
30 days
I restore

extracurricular
activities
You mean like
like what
I mean like
month
way
kind kids
bullied
school
starting
Tommy Dolen
Done
Done
Okay
Go Be nice
Be kind Get out
 laughing 
Okay got one
 boys laughing 
Dolen My mom says
youre gonna
big TV star
Bad
place pumped
money Home Ec

gone athletics
Yeah Now youre gonna
look like
Joe Knock off
But
planted seed
head
How
espresso
Kyle I thought
I said I need to
Come on
Its coffee
A cooking show Dolen
Isnt kid
grandma runs
pizza joint
Uh yeah
Hes picked
TV
cooking contest
The teachers
talking it
If wins
gets
50000
Kyle VO Were team
Think it
You volunteer
this
Sykes lift
suspension
sooner end
month
Not having
brains
new
security

got nailed
So I gotta help
win 50 grand
No You just
You appear
helping
Once says yes
well work
sabotaging
thing
So I expelled
Well way
wont
stick you
Youll see
Itll fine
How
Just leave me
Once were in
Wait
He pay
trouble hes caused me
whats
you
The biggest job
I
helping
bro
I dont think theres
rules
pick Pope
What
Gran VO
No makes sense me
You cant
own
You team
A team I dont need
team right
I cook alone
Besides I
gonna two
Friends
Im sorry bello
but uh I dont qualify
peers
You know Im
gonna forever
Maybe good chance
branch out
Who wants to
If I didnt to
 doorbell rings 
 doorbell rings 
 knocking door 
This contest
sounds awesome
I know I
totally line
wrong but
pool today
Sorry man
I know I
hassled little but
Yeah years
So whens
contest thing over
FFour weeks but
Thats perfect
You need bodyguard
so way one
Yeah
drowns tries
beat face in
With around
trouble
Why Do want
exclusive dibs
Look I dont know
youre to Prylek
house
right
This place
I come
people
like you
Ciao ragazzo
Im Tommys grandmother
You like pizzelles
I love one
Wow
Hi Im Matt
Oh youre Matt
Yeah
Come kitchen
Thank you
Mmm
good
Tommy them
Oh yeah
Family recipe
Interesting
Take
sidelines
Blow sand
beneath feet
Oh break
gilded cage
That holds
Come veins
sunlight
Send postcard
lungs
I want taste
salvation
Great dinner
night T
Sheesh man
cook
And Gran yours
shes hook
I wouldnt
bets that
Anybody
bother today
Not till 10 seconds ago
Have
thinking

talking about
Yeah I dont
dont want bodyguard
Not that
Youve got one
I talking
having join
posse
Your Gran told
need
cooking crew
I
pretty mean
barbecue
Yo Julia Childish
Whats up
Told
off Joe
Lets roll T
Off team Why
Well well
diving instructor
hehe said
I need month
swimming so
You know cause
I sprained hand
It
force
hit water
You got
Diving swimming
gotta protect
hand know
Its right
Its okay
You cant
hold bay
And know
its time
That were gonna
push line
Matt VO
Those right there
Thats crew
They cThey cant
turn flame
You want bet
I know guys
Theyre
yet
Theyre ones close
league
Where

hallway
I know way
kitchen
When Im
you
wont
room house
youve missed
 laughs 
Thats one
Hes good
hes quiet
know shy
keeps himself
Havent heard word
year
Up yesterday
I said
thing
somebody
here
Maybe cant talk
Okay I got this
Ahem
Hi My Matt
I dont sign
 girl laughs 
Do
pen paper
I write note
Oh Oh uh
lets outside
hallway
talk
talktalking
 Australian accent 
No worries
Youre starting to
embarrass yourself mate
 giggles 
And win
contest
So uh
board
I dont
know about
TV
What if
I have
speak
All the
guys
old school

fun of
Anyone tries bullying you
theyre gonna
get
But hey girls
love accent
Am I right  laughs 
Yeah
The fact Im
cute cloud
doesnt hurt
either but
And thats whats
great this too
I mean
amazing dishes
dont talk
deal anybody else
Theres one
Bobby Butler
We
class though
Bobby Butler
Matt Prylek
Youre
squad now
My boys I
gonna TV star
Now dont
late class
Meet
eighth period
Im sailing away
To land opportunity
The sun shine
And birds sing
day
Im sailing away
And I hope
remember
It fun
run
Hiphiphooray
Im running away
To place
wont bother
We wont talk

Well okay
And Im changing
To word
thats hard
Its ones fault
Im young
And youre insane
This isnt
swimming pool
okay Prylek
Youre
kitchen now
We dont
push people around
And
great bodyguard
youve far
Youre fired
Whoa whoa whoa
Come on Come on
Tommy Dolen
stop look
Bro IIm trying
different
thats
gonna happen overnight
I trying
Cant
chance
 chuckles 
See guys later
TV Announcer
Now heres host
Rip Barker
Our contestants
span country
team
homegrown
Please hello
Team Tommy
 drumroll 
 applause 
And Detroit
way Ukraine
Bartosh cousins
 applause 
 drumroll 
 cheering 
And finally
Connecticut
Team Dennis
 drumroll 
 applause 
Yeah Thanks Rip
I want
fortunate I
working
talented
underprivileged
teammates
I discovered
Interne
Yeah well
plenty time
talk later
right now
lets round
contest way
Heres itll work
Our distinguished judges
eliminate
team
pick
big winner
Shh
grand finale night
Wait
 Announcer  Thanks
Rip And team captain
wonderful chef
its anyones game
The winner Teen Chef

host
TV show
To TV host
Mealtime Network

highly selfdisciplined
Feeling world
round
Every team received
contest rules
follow
precisely
Failure
result team forfeiture
Im giving
Got
skin
And I dont care
I sin
I want
I want
I want
right
And Rip Barker
team elimination
week one
 applause 
Thanks us
And highest scores
tonights show
Team Tommy
 fanfare plays 
 applause 
Rip VO Congrats
Tune week
well lead
team captain
telling America
discovered
signature dishes
Until Friday
good night
 Director VO Cut
Thats wrap
Hey
like
assignment
week
I believe
competition rules
state
shall delegation
captains duties
I got covered
Cant wait
 knocking door 
Eye contact
You need
eye contact
audience
Find friendly face
stare down
At didnt
tell Grans advice
picture
naked
Theres boy
seat
I like that Come on
Singing song
What
Playing radio
Knowing hes
singing
III
I want
rock star
Tommy VO
And parents had
uh werent more
house
felt
Gran baking
pizzelles kitchen
 applause 


 cheering 
Crowd cheering
Tommy Tommy Tommy Tommy
Tommy Tommy
Tommy Tommy Tommy
Looks like I
need help
It turns grandson
old mozzarella mama

TV show
Already it
Got brother
inside
Well I hope
works fast
Theres shows
left weeks
I born
rock star
Singing III
I want
rock star
Singing III
Prylek
gets suspended
lose
fans these
To lunch ladies
If theres meaning Can
sign
The I look
gets harder
The world spinning
I want know
Hey bro Bro
Whoa whoa
whoa whoa Hey
Didnt
Didnt hear me
I heard said
sprained hand
team
I heard
buddies
suspended so
Well no I
wanted help
contest
I thought
ifif knew
Id suspended
harassing you
might
think
I think what
That I wasnt
real
I got spice thing
wanted
Saffron
I said saffron
saffron
spice shop
This isThis paprika
warehouse
Well well
theyre red
Why
this
I feel horrible
pool
assembly
year
I hoping
work
contest
then
maybe schools
antibullying project
Hey Sarah
What you
What
here
Respectfully whispering
Its research
blog Im writing
In cooking area
Its hot topic
town
Where
adoring fans
I uhI
You know
couldnt

I looking for
so uh I came here
worked
She me
Well doesnt time
bask glow
spotlight
Too busy uh reporting
pop culture huh
Well doesnt come
TV show

hold mirror
narcissism
society
You know
feeding people isnt
selfish thing
And feeding
ego publicly isnt
selfless one
Tommys thoughts
Eye contact
Are okay
Um oh yeah yeah
You know
You know
people
people things
kind
reasons right
You know
reasons people

know about so
Right
And I
me
I dont
props


anyway so
 scoffs 
Could
sentences row
I
me them
Uh
want spend
30 seconds me
 laughs 
There again
No I
Nah I just
I wondering
want to
Shh
 sighs 
Chicks
Kyle VO
You spent saffron
Matt VO
Do want
think Im sincere
Thats day
jobs
Id better
moneys worth
This Friday nights
one

blow contest
He totally
trust now
I wouldnt totally
Besides coach
left message
He wants
morning
This
over
Do world map
shows picture
center
You commitment
sure Dolen
trusts Friday
Again I
supposed pull
getting caught
Well guys
planned
Friday nights
competition
Each team
different cultures food
Tommy hasnt
picked culture yet
Well minute
does let know
Ill tell
screw up
Im pretty sure I
figure own
 laughs 
Yeah youve
thinking
far
Let thinking
us
right
boy brainless
Coach VO
Two teams
U Texas UC
Which one
Well youre gonna
guess boy
But I
And I
tell em
suspended
decided
pass
potential
disciplinary risk
Youre batting
500 Matt
You better figure
way reinstated
Matt Matt
Matt
Man
thanks the
Thanks
saff
 running footsteps 
All right
diversion excursion
Its time
care Matt
Dolen
commission
time
Me No no no no
I deal
Booster Club
There
witnesses
 sighs 
Im confident
youll handle
appropriately
What
Anything else
Yeah its doubt
That
bringing
And I dont
want drown
So weight
Off shoulders
He told
startled
reaction
reflex
Tommy Ill
by
 gasping  Ow
Tommy VO
Bobby Bobby Bobby
Dont try move
Philip VO
Who would
leave spilled
olive oil
You okay
Ow
 shower running 
Whats wrong you
You trying
here
Im trying help you
It wasnt meant
runt
It Dolen
And
supposed help
Hed
contest
Your alibi
Sykes
It worked
good though
Look Team Thomasina
needs guys right
All right well I heard
little pipsqueak
broke arm
Now
onstage action
youll
better chance
blowing
party apart
Tommy VO
No wait Hes crazy
He doesnt know
hes doing
wants
things me
Hes
big help far
Yeah why
I mean
I dont trust him
First
changes sadist
saint overnight
And hes lot
friend
But what
Maybe didnt mean

today
but Grandma
I wouldnt surprised
greased
floor Home Ec
team
 chuckles 
Oh bello
Im getting close
Grandma
You
beautifully
Suppose I let
team lose
Teams lose day
 sighs 
This isnt team
Its winning
thing so
IIts winning
right
Its
making friends
taking stray
Well
good athlete
motivated
win too
dont think
 groans 
Matt VO
So Abby finally agreed
dinner
years
Kyle VO
Seven Shut up Stay point
Dont forget
let know
soon
Dolen tells you
Got idea
Friday night
Buena suera granya
Ciao ragazzo I got it
This Friday Italiano
Well entire
Italian feast
Everything
ribolletto pignoli
 laughs 
 laughs 
You gotta
teach speak
Italian Gran prego
Women love guys
talk foreign
Look I want
learn everything
including
wine
Check it
Lada dada dada
Dadada dada dada
Dada dada dada
Dadada dada dada
Dada dada dada
Dadada dada dada
Dada dada dada
Dadada dada dada
Hey
Ho
And
catch here
see
Uhhuh
All right man
Nice
Its turn
Okay
Wait
Are hands clean
I wash
16th time
All right
All right
Okay
Aw man
night
Its 1100
Well I figured

teachers
meeting tomorrow
maybe I
spend night
iif thats okay
Uh yeah sure
We working
My uh dad
old sleeping bags
hall
closet so
All right
 clatters 
Yeah
 timer dings 
Ah oops Um
oven man
Its time
Okay okay
You got this
All right
Here go
No dude
oven mitts
Right Right
 overlapping
conversations 
I havent
kitchen
cooking since
ever
Its different
grilling
backyard
DontDont
miss friends
uh swimming
Ever wonder why
moonlight
bright
forget
thats gone down
No I
wondering
I dont understand
youre a
I dont know
Why flipped
switch fast
II told you The pool
other
Yeah but
I mean
place
Why spend
time
I mean
its you
People expect
certain way
They laugh are
They laugh
youre not
And iits like school
town
You fit
cookie mold
I guess I
wanted to
To belong
Yeah I that
T
I sorry
everything
Please know that
That moonlight
pretty bright
Night buddy
Night
buddy
 birds chirping 
 telephone line rings 
Hey its Matt leave message
Ms Sykes said
Matt Prylek
working
schools
antibullying
campaign
 laughs  You
curious team
Yeah tell it
I hear
history
But
interesting article
How I interview

school blog
How
place tomorrow night
Me Gran
having Matt over
How I
Monday
classes
I dont
good vibe
buddy
I prefer
time
short
We
interview
lunch say Friday
I think
wed distracted
mobbed
groupies
I thrown
Into sea
To face world
bet
Told sink swim
I slowly sank
Asking Id
To
walk plank
Maybe comes
little bit undone
But patch holes

All I know
I cant
Who fights
head
Smiling sun
But its
aaaall right
Oh its
aaaall right
Yeah
its aaaall right
Its gonna
right
Before
times
I
kitchen cooking
help mom
She taught
this
In Philly I
overweight big time
got
swimming
said
Id Olympics
Ive
forgotten that
let
hold back
Thats gotta
contest T
Just gotta
pushing forward
matter what
Dennis VO
Looks great
DENNIS Thanks Rip
We thought
wed highlight
simple
British cuisine
earlier age
I feel blessed
wear rags
aand dress
like impoverished
teammates
There words
 laughs 
 applause 
Rip VO
Thank you Team Dennis
Ladies gentlemen
I want
enter Chunnel
leave
United Kingdom
Whoa
head France
favorite
mademoiselles
 applause 
Ou est le mademoiselles
My foot
I think its broken
Mademoiselles
We help up
Mademoiselles
What doing
Your cue come
Team Dennis
left stage
Youre late Lets go
Im sorry
Thank you
According contest rules
youre late
second entrance
youre out
Will thats terrible
What giving
headsup for
Get latte Go
Kyle its Matt
Where you
Thanks Bartosh cousins
And tonight
Team Tommy
 applause 
 TV Announcer 
Dont touch remote
Team Tommy
right back
Matts gonna
double pain
The pigll flying
hit ground
Contest over
Mattys busted
Chef Girlardee
finished
Pizza joint leveled
And were
3 2 1
 applause 
 groans 
 audience gasps 
 applause 
And Team Tommy
wins again
thanks you
It instinct
For second I thought
over
surprised me
Nice save
Congratulations
Dinners tonight
Can I invite teammates
come too
Sure
You want
catch guys
leave
Sure
 coughs 
Dont

like again
Walk home
Abby VO
I nervous second
Tommy VO
So I
Oh me too
Oh hey um
Philip Bobby
left
Tommy
grandmother
love join us
WWell
rain check
Matty Joe decided
burgers
Its amazing
Matts changed
short time
Well Ive
trying coach him
Its easy raising
teenager alone
But know that
By way
love pizza
Best town
 telephone line rings 
Hey
JOE Hey
Feels like Im going
talking
like this
No
He needs perspective
This morning
I heard tell Dolen
wanted
drive
Hillview later
What
Can believe it
Hes acting
weird lately
Call him Tell
want work out
Stall
I there
Then
I distract him
I need plant
little device
bag
No man thats so
Hey want
things
normal not
 hangs 
Hey Matty
Look I know youre
Joey
Hey
sec
I want
talk Matty
Well better
quick cause Im
meeting Tommy
workout
I need car
Ill wait there
Well want
Kyle VO
Dad said kill
fun
dont raise
hands
brothers
anger
I screwed up
Ill better
keeping things
control
on
We moved

Philly
Some cheap
electrical wiring
Kyle taken
camping weekend
People assume
lost parents
little brother
Eddie fire
Mom out
She couldnt
handle it though
moved
here
And Kyle moved
Saint Raymond
nearby
I come
I can
TOMMY Can I uh
I mean like
come you
No time
though
Thanks
Thanks
 giggles 
Looks hot
Oh thanks
 giggles 
You
apologized it
I dont want
weirdness
us
Bro imagine
living like
day
We
I close deal
Kyle I dont want
anymore
Youre mad me
No Tommy I
friends now
And past weeks
pushing
anybody around
I like it
Plus school
bullying campaign
You
Mr Antibullying guy

friends Dolen
want
Hell know

ruined 
No
You want college
swimming career
incredible future
Got it
I
liked that too
right
high school
I
instant grownup
responsibilities
I cant
connection
I mean Matt
weird
wasnt
feeling well
But kept glancing
brother
time
stage
Cause sick
know
way youd
look parents
Id look Gran
I mean theres
big mystery drama
Then tell
Tommy losing helps
Im sure I
trust that
How I supposed
decide I dont know
Theres decision
make
Matty I
team
day
born
How I know Im
gonna caught
If happened
If I gig
college wont matter
Well set
Yo Kyle
It weird
like
Do I detect
concern me
um
table
I tried
Were gonna
way
Whats big rush
Youd better
there
 laughter 
Hey come on
Play again
Play it Do it
Lets hear it Come on
Play again dude
MATT couldnt handle it
though so
 laughter 
moved here
Kyle moved
Saint Raymond
nearby
I come
I can
This ladys nuts
Fine Dont believe me
Im telling you
steer clear
He
lost
dream college
opportunity
suspension
blames you
Matt I friends
You dont it
Your friendship
joke
He laughs
back
The jokes over
Stay away man
Are right
Will
minutes
Matt
now
youre gonna
expelled
Look
low profile
Take care
Friday night
contest
like planning to
 bang locker 
Hey
meet
outside library
Actually Im sorry
Nows time
right
Oh look Theres
best friend now
IIm sorry
Kyle VO
Thanks
Using place
awkward
No will
Not
knew owned it
No No
hell
cooperative now
Besides
Im running plan
parallel track
case
Yeah gotta go Later
Here is There
teams left
Well help rid
girls tomorrow
ready
little

need it
Like what
Like
thatll guarantee
win contest
Sweet But
strict rules
I caught
shafting anyone Ill be
 laughter 
 splash 
Everyones talking
space
And everythings
Till means heartbreak
Words power
Just evaporate
Dont want
hear today
Achoo
Today
Hello hello
This voice
Hello hello
Hello
Through white noise
 crowd gasps 
Words hurt
 laughs 
When let matter
Dont let matter
Its chatter
White noise
Look sympathetic
Words hurt
Inna
When let matter
Dont let matter
Where she
Inna Inna
Its chatter
Hmm  snorts 
SSorry
Youre
beautiful girl
I seen
 giggles 
Not good night
Team Tommy
 applause 
Next
wonderful trio cousins
Anya Inna Lada
Girls come out
Girls
Girls
 giggles 
 Rip VO  Were
missing contestant
Baby
Ive believed
love sight
 Rip VO  Were
missing contestant
now
 crying 
Shh
 Rip VO  Inna
 sobbing 
 Rip VO  Inna Bartosh
call
 RIP VO  Last call
 shushing 
Unfortunately according
contest rules

regretfully goodbye
Bartosh cousins
 groaning applause 
And
Team Tommys performance
way tonight

earned points
previous episodes
tomorrows
final showdown
Tommy Philip
spark back
Matt
kept cool
kept team
alive tonight
Poor kid
He best
help
Hey I spend
time him
Ill
morning
Okay
Matt thanks
keeping things
going tonight
Uh I thinking
maybe

place know
practice for
Hanging
friends tonight
 door slams 
 music playing 
What
here
You
said
going to
All right
well I changed mind
We strategize
Do want
team captain
Do you
We
night
I sick we
right
I need just
 knock door 
Called Matt
brother
The second Matt
walked onstage
Actually Matt
person
didnt screw things
there so
Something weird
though
His brother
kept looking
guy
Somebody told
was
I Googled him
Turns owns
I dont care
right
II need home
But
hear this
Look
I know youre upset
I dont know
whats going
Matt
connection
and
I dont know whats
going Matt either
but know maybe
with um
people sticking
noses places
dont belong
Meaning what
Meaning
going fine right
Matts buddy

decided
looking trouble
nownow
everythings
falling apart
What Whoa Okay
hold second
I trying
help here
Maybe youre know
drama queen
aa blogger
You know
likes stir stuff
sure
gossip comes true
Right I think
need to
Be left alone
Yeah Philip
YYoure 100 one
leave
Please
Im big trouble
I dont care
happened
tonight
II thought
everybody
game
I
play straight
wed lose anyway
I didThat way
tag
sabotaging
Whatever Tomorrow nights
die me
I need come through
No runaround
Forget whats happened
Lets done
What kind
trouble Kyle
No bro
All Ive
protect you
I cant change now
Better know
But II need know
I trust to
 cellphone vibrates 
Uhh What now
Hey wait
car
I gotta deal this
Hey I got plan
tomorrow night
foolproof
Thanks
Its good
team again
Yeah
JOE There already
I broke
speed limit
I didnt
break in
The door
unlocked
You sure leaving
Uhhuh
Traitor
lied face
He needs
learn loyalty
And
hes expelled
youll man
swim team
 cellphone vibrating 
 Tommy thinking Where
I gonna two
GRAN Friends
 boys laughing 
Matt VO Night buddy
Joe VOYou dont it
Your friendship
joke
He laughs
back
The jokes over
 somber music playing 
 somber music playing 
 somber music playing 
 somber music playing 
 somber music playing 
 somber music playing 
 somber music playing 
Hey
seen hat
Im gonna
work out
I wish I
Wishing
Then dreams
Would come real
And
night
IIs Gran okay
Youre lucky
live doors away
worlds
best doctor
 sighs 
I wish I
Wishing
Then dreams
Could come real
 static buzzes 
Matt VO
I come upto
I can
Tommy VO
Can I uh
Would like
come you
No time
though
T Im sorry
Why What
her
What
You worthless
piece garbage
Get out Get out
Get here
GRAN Tommy
Tommy
I dont think

do
Deep down
answer
wwe dont
know yet
I know entered
contest though
There letter
landlord
I got home
night
I
win this
I mean
Im best chef
there
Bello bello

waswas wonderful
Ill cherish
wanted
care
yourself
problem
fix alone
WereWere team
like youre
team contest
Its
best chef
oror winning
saving day
yourself
Well you
I trust
care of
No stop acting
like youre own
youre not
You connected
team
But Matts
swimming buddy told
Matt thinks
thing
huge joke and
And team
final round hmm
I like Matts
sense humor
But hes lying
time
You dont know that
You dont know
hes

hear him
I dont know you
Id like hear
teammate say
Why dont
chance
Hey Abby I
good
Yo Matty
Matt VO
I told Im fine
were set
Ill heading
Tommys
pick
pizzelle dough
Ive got
extra ingredient
You totally okay
this
Youre brother
I dont want
happen you
And I think
set up
I cant wait
burn him
And havent heard
Dolen yet
No Wasnt
expecting to Why
No reason
Hey Matty
I knew youd
come through
Things gonna
getting lot better
Stuff Ill
tell later
Abby
Lets
tonight
Get through
All good stuff
starts tonight
See there
Ready
plan
 line rings 
I
refrigerate dough
studio
case Kyles
gone totally overboard

video surveillance
like that
With
whos bluffing

brother
I know youre
bluffing me
I guess
gotta trust me
Thanks Gran
Moonlights pretty bright
daytime
And
restaurant
save
Joey its Kyle
Listen
I want
trust Matty
I dont
Hes supposed
liquid laxative
Team Tommys
pizzelle dough
show

way agreeable
I think hes gonna
doublecross again
little kids
Team Doofus
gonna care it
And Ive got
I need
handle Call me
Look
minutes right
After 30 seconds
nonstop apologizing
groveling
I tell
incredible story

post blog
tonights show
Okay
tell story
30 seconds
spend rest
time apologizing
groveling
 laughs 
 Announcer 
Ladies gentlemen
seats
The Teen Chef
final showdown
begin momentarily
All right lets go
Make guys look poor
Oliver Twist effect
Awesome Lets go
You kidding me
Come on
231 232
233 234
Buddy uh girls
arent anymore
I just
love way
Im starting look
 Announcer 
Mealtime Network
proudly presents
Teen Chef
final showdown
And heres host
Rip Barker
 applause 
Our teams present
meals
courses judges
score evaluate
meal progressively
were dessert
selection
new Mealtime
Network champions
Gentlemen
start enchiladas
Times up light
fading fast
This time nothings
gonna hold
Darkness cant
overtake
My eyes open
I
The pools
throw light
Thats
Thats hope begins
 laughter 
I know life
crazy
To drive insane
And Im sinking
Im thinking
Im pain
When waves
crashing
And theyre
testing
Ill face
Its spill
Yeah
I dont drown
I wet
Waters head
I wont drown
Im yet
While judges
breather
contestants
prepare
final dessert round
 applause 
Team captains
join souschefs
 applause 
Stop
 audience gasping 
That doughs
good
Lets
commercial break
Well right back
He told messed
dough
sabotage him
My producers telling
wont going
commercial break
Sweeps week
Nice try pal
dough
fine
Joe VO
No I mean it
He
liquid laxatives

suck
judges
small intestines
 audience gasping 
WILL Its true
Otto I saw

dough today
No didnt
right Its fine
I trust Matt completely
Thank you
Me too
Hes brother
Hed

like that
If theres chance
anyone
Test it
I want dough
tested now
I vouch
Mattys integrity
Wed like
thank producers
Cooking Zayde
allowing
continue
extended live show
Theyll return week
Our news isnt good
It appears
Team Tommys pizzelle dough
fact tainted
 audience gasps 
And now
Any interference
ingredients
or procedures
disqualifies
team
member
said interfering
Thank you But rules

that team captain
decides dismiss
offending individual
team
redo
round question
Tommy
decision make
You Dennis
head head
dessert round
Matt
team
 gasping murmuring 
RIP Whats gonna be
IWere team
Rip VO
Okay

fully informed decision
going round
Team Tommy
lead
You want
minute
Win lose
were team
So winner
Mealtime
Network contest
Team Dennis
 applause
groaning 
Were time now
wed like
Thank much
I want
honored I am
Where I begin
I
now
We
Mealtime Network
like invite
contestants
instudio audience
join tomorrow
special afternoon
edition
live
beautiful lake house
network owner
thank
contestants
officially
welcome Team Dennis
TV family
immediately following
Brunhildes Biscuits
Thank you good night
 applause 
 Director VO 
And were out
Ill interview

ceremony tomorrow
MATT I taught
knows
 laughs 
Dude
Its speech
You gonna resign
team today
Ill help
scenes
but uh
fan email
Ive gotten
night
doesnt
like good idea to
split audiences
focus us
Ooh
Tommy VO
Even Im bummed
losing
dream saving
pizza parlor
I realize that
happened month ago
I bailed
coming today
I curled
disappeared
radar
Im not Im
teammates
break us
And Im hearing
kid
like were
ones

pushed far
Sounds like ones
pushing back
 Announcer  Teen Chef
continues live
Never mind
were
urban poor kids
Our moms livein help
family
Well was I guess
today
But team

rightful winner
contest
aside me
guys
Team Tommy lose
him
 gasping 
What
him
especially him
 chuckling 
Heres
went down
 music playing 
And thats it
Im really sorry
this
I want
know brother
didnt
it
My brother says
Yes I did
and were team too
 applause 
 laughs 
Ladies gentlemen
real winners
Mealtime contest
Team Tommy
 cheering 
Congratulations
Matt Tommy
What
gonna
prize money
II hear theres
great old pizza
restaurant sale
 laughs 
Awesome
Hey maybe
tape new TV
there
Yeah
Sounds good me
 cheering 
Ladies gentlemen
Team Tommy
right
short break
Mm
As
guessed
demolitions off
And far
future work goes
dont
Antarctica
Lets hear
winners
Um thank you
everyone
Um our
 slapping 
Ow Ow Ow
 laughing 
Ow Hey
 groans 
Relax bro
Itll sting
like week
Or six
Ah ah ah hey
 laughter 
When Im ready
Ill walk home
So T
finish speech
Speech Speech Speech
 chanting 
Speech Speech Speech
Speech Speech Speech
Speech Speech Speech
Speech Speech Speech
 cheering 
Uh
boy its getting
pretty hot here
Sure is
Yeehoo
Uh team swim
Everybody
come on join us
Make change

One small step
need
Ohh
There answer
There difference

It lies
history
And
time
Were need
Just hand
 whistle 
And brother
Look inside

Love exists
kind
Ohh
There answer
Tommy VO
I think aside
impressions
people
time
chance
know
are
end
happily surprised
new friends
discover
Theyre keepers
know
ones
team matter what
It helps stay strong
things tough
Always remember
people life
care you
ones
will
cool
taking help
friendship
keepers
Beats flying solo
Trust me
Even better trust us
I survive
And
carry love
Were gonna light
night
Singing were keeping
Were keeping
I high daze
Sold soul
lemonade
A kingdom come
set free
I blind
I
I survive
And
carry love
Were gonna light
night
Singing were keeping
Were keeping
I survive
And
carry love
Were gonna light
night
Singing were keeping
Were keeping
On
Keep keeping
Keep keeping
 new song begins 
Everyones talking
Just space
And everythings
Till means heartbreak
Words power
Just evaporate
Dont want hear today
Today
Out tightrope
And
High long rope
And
Whats point
wishing
And
When nobodys listening
Im listening
Hello hello
This voice
Hello hello
Through white noise
Words hurt
When let matter
Dont let matter
Its chatter
 new song begins 
The dams
break
The waters cold
My heart ground
Im losing control
But I dont know
way turn
Dont know way
When
I learn
Its I know
When waves
crashing
And theyre
testing
Ill face
Its spill
Yeah
I dont drown
I wet
Waters head
I wont drown
Im
Im breaking surface
Im breaking surface
Its hard see
I cant breathe
Caught undertow
Its dark deep
But I know
I know life
crazy
To drive insane
And Im sinking
Im thinking
Im pain
When waves
crashing
And theyre
testing
Ill face
Its spill
Yeah
I dont drown
I wet
Waters head
I wont drown
Im
Im breaking surface
Im breaking surface
Yeah
Im breaking surface
Im breaking surface
