 spoke
 I cant believe it
spoke 
Im Josh
How
evening
 close
 I thought
Id close 
Woman
Dont shy All
friends are
 moon sun
belong 
 wildest hopes
crazy dreams 
Man
They
like reality
 fantasy
 girl fulfills
fantasy 
Loving man

 specially designed
heaven 

 friends gather
mystery 
 I look her
I masterpiece 
 spoke
 I cant believe it
spoke 
 spoke
 I cant believe it
spoke 
 hurts
 Ill
open arms 
 cause like track
subway train 
 roll

 Id
feel 
 cause today day
spoke 
 I cant believe it
spoke 
 close
 I thought
Id close 
Woman
Im stuck
groovy wet dream
 ooh ooh
Man
Im digging scene
 yeah baby
Woman whispering
Oh yeah
That nice
 1 2
 1 2 3 unh
Man
OK begin
The reason I
consented
Is I wish
clear name
Not I care
people think
But enough
Hold on
Whoa whoa whoa whoa
Hold minute
Yeah well I finish
monologue please
Were looking
latest hottest
OK
You know were looking
beauty Halle Berry
The sexiness
jada pinkett
The soaring voice
Whitney
Can sing
Yes I can
Dont talk
Listen
OK
Were looking range
Angela bassett
Were looking
total game
You know Im saying
Yeah
OK This thing movie
going big
Bigger big
Huge
The greatest romantic
AfricanAmerican film
made
Directed me
course
Told
point view
Of AfricanAmerican
woman
We got Denzel Wesley
fish
Theyre signed
play supporting roles
What need
What
looking at
Because said
names supporting
Dont talk
Listen
OK
Now total package
Im looking for
We know know
Shes there
And Ill know
I her
Now talk
Thank you
Ooh lets see
I start
Um
Ive studying
years
I went nyu
Mmhmm
Done little offBroadway
A little episodic
television
I sing
I dance
And I act
pick me
You cant wrong
Let stop shy
I need break
A break Thats
I need break
So let
finish monologue
Then I sides
Not now
But Id read
sides after
First things first
Um stand up
Okeydokey
OK
Hug camera
I want
turn around
Uh wrong way
Oops Sorry
Yeah Thats it
Slowly
And slowly
Keep turning
The person were looking
needs ooze sexuality
Very good
Bravo bravo
You sit
right down
All right
OK just
uh unbutton blouse
So
breasts
What
Could unbutton
blouse
So
breasts
Is required
role
I mean told
I going
off
Didnt Murray
tell that
No
tell that
Well fuckin
shouldve
OK look
This kind
embarrassing
OK um
Yes its required
role
Its major
role
All right and uh
Were trying
weird here
But were
professionals
Hey know what
I picture
I
At house
bring back
This topless
little number
Whoa Hold it
Whoa whoa
We got 75 fuckin
girls
here oK
Im sorry
I dont mean
abusive
But whats
going be
Can not
Come on honey
We dont time
Just
clothes off
All right right
Its cool Its cool
Everythings cool
 turn
 I dont care

Yeah
 I dont care

Yeah thats it
 I dont care
Thats great

OK Now freeze
Dont move
Dont talk
I cant this
You cant this
You cant what
What hells
going here
What happening
Assistant
Im sorry
I mean
girls
Hey look come here
Aw shit
 I dont care

 I dont care

Let go
Bring actress
here
She better fucking know
getting into
Then
fucking cup coffee
What fuck
problem
Why didnt
tell me
If I wouldve told you
wouldve went
How go
knock em dead
I
humiliated
life
Cut sturm drang
You want
actress star
showed tits
So what
Big fucking deal
right
Sharon stone
spread legs
And look happened
When I saw that
I said myself
thats star
He didnt ask
intercourse
him he
No
Did part
I walked out
You walked qt
The hottest director
Hollywood
I seen qt
And bolt
Inhales
You know maybe

direction
Maybe somebody
better you
Listen money
owe me
it right
This
aggravation
You know asthma
like that
its working out
Its worth
me oK
Youre absolutely right
Its working out
But money
I owe you Im
going pay back
You better pay back
Let tell something
I respect you
Youre beautiful person
Youre talented
I wish well oK
Peace Out OK bye
Talk later
Whos phone
Whos line
Qt Qt Q Q
Free seminars
Learn work
short hours
Would like
seminar survey sir
Thank much
Maam
Excuse me
Computer seminar
Computer seminar
Thank much
Learn work
short hours
Thank you
Man future
Rock music plays
The reason
Ive consented
this
Is I wish
clear name
Oy God
Oy oy oy
oy oy oy oy
What
Oh God
What
What mean what
What mean what
Where pain
Mocking delivery
Come on
It needs bottom
Wheres bottom
Whats shallow shit
A bottom
I cant think
Aah
Drop pain
Drop
Into
The pain
Drop pain
I cant think straight
Acting
feelings
Drop pain
Now
Lets add sensorial
element shit
The pain stinks
Ooh stinks
It stinks
Smell it
There go
Now right there
Right there
speak
The reason
Mocking
The reason
The reason
reason
Look
Look nothing
I went interview
big Hollywood interview
And
asshole tells
shirt
So what
So
What
Grow up
Grow now
What
talking about
Im talking
growing up
Im talking
facing reality
business
Which is
Which is
Taking top
baby
That
work
Youve taught
work
It plenty
work
Thats business
honeybunch
Make art
Turn
special
Do it
Yes I it
You it
Yes
So going
grow up
Yes are
Oh are
Well Im going
help grow up
Now pay me
You
respect
art form
Im working
jobs
pay
Working
jobs what
To pay you
Oh pay me
Yes
I tell you
I longer
carry you
Thats it
Thats I say
Im going
word
Thats it
Finish
Complete
Over Grow up
OK
Respect art
OK
Learn respect
art
OK I will
I hope do
Would like flyer
Right I dont
time
Computer seminar
How doing
Im fine thank you
Tired hell
Im fine
Computer seminar
Would you
Im
already
Computer seminar
Sure not
Thank you sir
Talk
beautiful lady
Thank you
Thank you
Why
different color
Im sorry
Would like yellow
No Its oK
Excuse me sir
Would interested
comput
Ill it
All right people
Its 90 motherfucking
degrees here
So dont act
like its cold
Now director
happy
With background action
That means Im
motherfucking happy
So I anybody
looks like cold
Im sending motherfucking
monkey ass home
And know
means
No check
Whats wrong you
little lady
May I use
ladies room please
Excuse me
I use bad
I go
Please
No cant use
bathroom
No breaks
Were ready shoot
And I dont
fuck sAG
Motherfuck sAG
Rep
You pee I
pee Capisce
Yes sir
All right people
turn monkey ass
around
 housequake theres
brandnew groove
goin round 
 housequake
 funky town
 kick drum
fault 
 gotta rock
mother uh 
 uh
 gotta rock
mother uh 
 uh
 were gonna

 foot

 jump
 youre having fun
 youre doin
 housequake
 question
 anybody know
quake 
 bullshit
 cant

house shake 
 everybody clap
hands come 
 lets jam yall
 lets jam
 dont wait
neighbor 
 green eggs ham
 housequake
 theres brandnew groove
goin round 
 city
town 
 housequake
 kick drum
fault 
 housequake
 housequake
 gotta rock
mother 
 housequake
 housequake
Hey there sexy
Youve reached
The hottest
live talk line around
970wow
Where talk
hot cheap
The cost
195 minute
Plus 500 connection fee
Specialty calls
priced accordingly
Hi Im
appointment
Woman
If dont want
play me
Thats oK
Or youre age
18 hang now
But youre ready
willing able
Stay line
And hands
fantasy girl
dreams
Hi Have
called before
Can I
name
The time
in
All need
phone number
fourdigit iD
Excuse me
Im here
All right Im going
hook
To
lovely ladies now
OK Hold line
Im sorry
Uh I
appointment
And I dont know
direction to
Oh Ill you
Come on
Lil
Hmm
Your appointments here
Woman
Bend over
Hi Come
sit down baby
How doing
Im fine
thank you
How doing
Im good
I hear place
Where girl
lots cash
You 18
Of course I am
A young voice
Thats good
Youre local
Im queens
born raised
And youre actress
Laughing
Yes maam
Im actress
Its good work
I it
That falling feeling
Hmm
How letters
it
Seven
That falling feeling
Um
Thats vertigo
All right
That works
You like men
Yes I love men
My lucks shit
them
But I love them
So I said myself
If cant
real life
You
job
Right
Right
Youre dominatrix
Dominatrix
Dominatrix
Finish it
Uh
I probably
have
Blond hair
Long blond hair
Uh
38 cs
Yeah Id
nice healthy jugs
With big
perky nipples
There
All right Come on
Thats good
Very good
Cant promise
anything
But Ill
good word oK
Yes
Keep fingers
crossed
Thank you
All right
Speak this
What want
say
A fantasy chat
Go ahead
The tape rolling
OK
Um
Hi there
Im happy
called
Um whats name
Mike Oh hi Mike
Do want play
Thats great
Thats great
Thanks
Yeah yeah Well
listen
And let
know huh
Are interested
peep
stuff
Peep show
You sex
phone
Heres coffee
Yeah thanks
Good luck honey
They watch
jiggle
I mean theres
physical contact
whatsoever
Mmhmm
Theres little uh
little nudity
But moneys
lot better
Listen Believe
I tell
something
This nice
clean work
No thank you
No No
You married
Yeah uh its over
Oh Im sorry
No no really
You dont
sorry
See
kleptomaniac
On that
weird
But I dont want
talk that
Any experience
No experience
right
Right
We
training session
We
ropes
I mean
its problem
Were going seeing
lot ladies
I dont think
me
This kind stuff
The peep thing
All right right
Suit yourself
Something comes up
Ill ring
OK
Nice meeting you
Take care
So you um
place
Yeah
You like it
Oh yes its
Its lovely
So girl
works shift
Youve got shifts
choose from
You choose
suits best
Some shifts busier
others
You paid
call
Bonus guy
requests you
Can I hold puppy
Hi little puppup
Guys up
tell
want
You dig
I dig
Toilet training
bestiality
Foot fetishes
butt plugs
Bisexuality threeways
fiveways sixways
Yadda yadda yadda
Yadda yadda yadda
The mistressslave routine
Â¿Comprende
Comprende
You know what
I this
Mmhmm
I
working it
Can I ask
personal question
Sure
Is clit pierced
Nope Nope
Ah mind
Anyway shittings
big right now
Dont ask why
Could stock market
I dont know
They pay charge card
They us you
them
And chat until
They come
It little
freaky sometimes
If girls home
You know
goes
Not like office girls
This hot spot
Could
minute
You said home
I
house
Collect
Is problem
Currently i
share phone
Its hall phone
But know what
Im thinking
This home stuff
Its um
Itll heavy
starting out
I think
I need
little smoother
I
Right Well
hall phone
problem
Listen Im going
cards
And I want

When
private line
And cojones
Listen got
good pipes
Cantaloupes
Pears
Oranges
Granny smiths
What else
Oh now
Red delicious
We havent red
delicious while
Aint pretty
Yeah
Aint pretty
Yeah
Yeah
Stealing
wrong right
Shh
Hey whered
get
Hey hey hey hey
Where go
Hey
Stop
You stop him
Car horn honks
Tires screech
Stop him
Ring
Ring
I got it
I got it
Ring
Hello
Uh yeah
Hold line oK
Jimmy
What
Telephone
Hello
Asian accent
Jimmy live here
Jimmy live here
So hows
business going
Business
kind slow
But card
right here
I it
In 20 years
itll worth
A thousand times
goes now
I got 2000 them
Its better stocks
Really
All
wait 20 years
Ill
multimillionaire
Ill
position
lend money
And meantime
Im broke
motherfucker
Shit
Me you both
So whats happening
callbacks
I need
come later
And help something
Right right right
Change subject
usual
Im asking
simple question
You
yes no
Yes no
So
thinking
getting together
Nope Hair
I told
I told
thousand times
I dont like him
He didnt
right
treat right
There go
Hair
Thank you
What youve got
hold
So right
Pull down
There go
There is
Oh its trip
having pound
pavement
Getting job
But far
everybodys
great
Somebodys
got hire me huh
I hope so
The moneys good
I figure
Ill
months Max
Are going let
tighten up
Good money
youre good
And Im going
great
Eyes
Eyes
Thank you
Can I
tighten up
Oh please Jimmy
Know what
Huh
You ought
ex
And let
rob bank
Thats funny
Its funny me
He stole heart
Jimmy
Steal back
Mouth
Mouth
Can I ask favor
Uhhuh
Imitating landlord
You pay rent
But I dont rent
Who this
Dorothy dandridge
You know what
Jimmy
Whats that
Im sorry
I aint got it
Why dont sell
rare
autographs
You cant hook up
You dont
money
And now
role
Dorothy dandridge
Carmen Jones
Ill pay back
Its damn good
dandridge isnt it
Blow em sugar
Makes em dry faster
You turn
heat now
Youre
harmonica player
Where going now
You went
walk
Im bird
cage
I dont like
cooped up
Carmen
I dont like
When leave
alone
Hey there army boy
Zip up
You aint going
nowhere
Youre staying
belong
me
Maybe aint got
message yet
Carmens gal
puts leash
No mans going tell
come go
I got free
I dont stay all
Youll
away me
Ill follow
river
sea
To hell
heaven
Train passing
Cause its
sex oK
Youre friend
Theyre lonely
theyre divorced
Their wives arent
theyre into
They giants
corporate world
Who crossdressers
Ooh
Crossdresser
Girl 19
Thats man
likes womens
clothing himself
Or viceversa
Crossdressers
private lives
Giants
corporate world
You ones
Who listen
Got listen Yes
Youre
appreciates them
Youre ones
doesnt judge them
You want
like you ladies
Cause like you
back
If lot
You
lots cash
Hey
Yeah
Girl 6
Yes
Whos transsexual
My transsexual
is um
Esmerelda
Whopper dick
Uh ready
please
Dark hair
Light green eyes
Preop
Whats that
Its
surgery
And mistress
I dont know
mistress
going yet
I think
Ill
April maybe
Sweet
And girl
door
Well girl
door
going lovely
Wait second
Lovely
Yes darling
Lovely brown
Thats cute
Thank you
Whats lovely like
Lovelys got dark
hair dark eyes
Shes hot
shes kind shy
Kind freaky
You know type
I dont know
youre
talking about
Oh yeah
Big freak
All right ladies
request
All girls are
Huh Thats deal
Additional characters
include black girls
Puerto rican girls
Asian girls
The
ethnic gamut Huh
Also foreign girls
French English accents
Et cetera et cetera
et cetera
Girl 75
You got
coming
line 17
Monitor tells
its domination
fantasy
Yes All right
I want
pick
listen
Hello This
mistress Marlene
I heard youve
naughty boy
Now pull pants
bend knees
Youre going
spanked
Yes One spank
touching panties
Two spanks
putting fingers
near clitoris
And spanks
putting fingers
deep love hole
Oh yes One spank
The ultraspank
letting dick drip
Didnt I tell
let dick drip
Now stand thank
punishing you
Dick drip
Very good 75
I think dick drip
good way
end day
What think
All right
ladies listen
This job
lot fun
You
lot money
And youre safe here
Very safe
All right
See tomorrow
Bye
Lil boss oK
Im telecommunications
sales representative
Pleased meet you
Im girl 75
Im girl 12
Hol a Girl 4
Telecommunications
sales representative
Im girl 29
Im girl 39
Better known
black mistress Tina
Girl 19
Im telecommunications
sales representative
42
Girl 58
Hi there 6 sex
Moaning
Oh yeah baby
Girl 6
Hello
Its me
Something
come
minute
Were going
start
slow
Nothing
wild
OK
First calls
like date
Just yourself
OK
Ill simple
Ill send
fabulous
Thank you
Hello
Hello there
Anybody home
Hi there
Hi there
How
evening
Horny Thought
Id lost you
Ha No
Im right here
baby um
Where calling
this
totonight
Houston Houston Texas
Oh God Its hot
there huh
Yes maam is
Hot sticky
Whats name
Lovely
Oh
Whats yours
Steve What
look like
Oh um Ive got
dark hair
Uhhuh
And uh
dark eyes
Yeah
And I
great figure
Oh got big ones
dont you
Oh yeah
Ive got 38 ds
Doubled
Dont fibbing now
I hoping em
cause I like big tits
Big like Texas
Like hakeem olajuwon
Well Ive got
big silverdollar nipples
Uhhuh
And theyre
sensitive
I 25inch
waist
And uh
35inch hips
And oh yeah
Stephen
I
deep throat
Hot damn
youre perfect
You know
I today
No What
I million dollars
Howd that
I bought little
nice old lot
And
million dollars
Yes maam
That sounds
complicated
Well I
explain you
Say company a
hammer
And company b
diamond
Say big hard pricey rock
Now I company a
And I smash company b
Ooh
Oh I
little diamond chips
And I sell
jackedup price
Wow
And viola seÃ±orita
I got million dineros
Ooh Im getting
excited
Just thinking
it
I bet I hump
time I wanted to
couldnt I
Ooh yes
could baby
Cause Im
horny
I
like that
Yes maam
I bet would
Are single
No maam
Im married
Mmm well uh
wife know
youre calling me
No maam
She not
Are single
Yes
Well
want to
On no I
Im jealous
Im
you Stephen
Chow time
Shh Get
flower Ron
One corsages
fridge
The foods
going cold
Well there
Muttering spanish
I want jiggle
big teats me
Oh nice
hard me
Yes maam I am
Are touching
yourself
Yes maam I am
OK
Ill tell you
Ive got uh
tight white
tshirt on
Uhhuh
And little
white skirt
Would
jiggle titties
me
OK
Bounce
me
OK Im bouncing
Stephen
Oh yeah
Im bouncing
right now Stephen
Im lap
And Im bouncing
titties
down
These teats
moving
down Stephen
Ohh ohh
Oooohh
Ahhhhhh
Oh gift
earth
Ahha thanks honey
Hangs phone
Girl 6
Congratulations
Thank you I mean
came
His Stephen
just ahh
He hung happy
Good job
Now feel
Fine My mouths
little
All right here
Have soda
All right
Now miss girl 6
We you
Voila
Ohh
You broke cherry
All right right
Come on yall
Back work
There go
Congratulations baby
He came
Woman
Oh yes Dr farber
I love

stirrups
And examine
speculum
Oh yes
Woman
Big girl big pussy
Slim girl pussy
Beeping
Hi there
Hi there
Im glad
called
Im calling
beach house
housewife
Lets start
kitchen
Theres whipped cream
refrigerator
Ive
feet day
And Im
hands knees
Cleaning
kitchen floor
I sure like
break
So I talk you
Youre scrubbing
floor
Mmhmm
Dont stop
scrubbing
If dont mind
well talk work
Im making slow
soapy circles
On linoleum
scrub brush
What colors
linoleum
Yellow
Its yellow
little daisies
Slow soapy circles
On hands knees
Where kids
Theyre taking naps
Im pushing
dress
behind
Im going
mount
Snoopydoggy
dogstyle
housewife
Ohh
Dont stop
scrubbing
Uhuh
Im mounting
now housewife
Got lot work
do
Dont stop
scrubbing
Moaning
Dont stop
scrubbing
A womans work
done
Oh youre right
I hate grimy buildup
With bra on
know
I shopping
ap like that
Id
stock boy
And I grab
ppproduce
Mmhmm
I went shopping
yesterday
What buy
Soup
Asparagus
Oyster crackers
know
For soup
For soup
Did
lamb chops
With mint jelly
Panting
Beverages
Panting
Arugula
Panting
Dip
Panting
Instant oatmeal
Whew
instant oatmeal
Quick grits
Quick quick
grits
Popcorn
Ppppopcorn
Moaning
Thank you
Hello
Hello
Hi
Hi
Hi
Who I
speaking with
Who I
speaking with
This lovely
Lesley
Mmhmm
Wait Lesley
lovely
Lovely
Hi lovely
Hi
My Bob
Bob
Yeah
Where calling
from Bob
Im calling
Tucson
Tucson
You know is
Yeah Is it uh
whats like
there
Dry heat
Dry heat Mmm
I just um
wondering if
You know is uh
is rule
Like
sex talk
Oh no no no Bob
Its
like
We talk
anything
We talk
Anything
Anything
Im you
Feeling like talking
mother actually
Whats
mothers name
My mom uh
Ruth
Ruth
And uh thing
My mothers dying of
Shes dying cancer now
And uh I
wanted hear
I wanted
hear sounded
Is mother alive still
Yes is
Do tell
love her
Yeah I tell
I love her
I never um I use
words parents
Thats thing
I said
I love you her
And Im agonizing now
What think
Well know Bob
life
choices
And I think
choice
decide
Will
right choice
Im here
Im thinking
And I just uh
I
needed talk
And Im glad
Im glad that uh
That I dialed
number
Im glad dialed
number well
You right
I got
request tonight
Yeah Congratulations
Im sure wont
last
You need
activity sort
A magazine
book something
Or youre going
hooked girl
No
Im concentrating
Concentrating
Mmhmm
Well coming
them
Please
You sure that
Im positive
All right
I got go
Take easy
right
Later
How grapes
Ill pound
grapes
300
300
Bet
One month down
go
How longer
going
phone bone stuff
Well
perfectly honest
Jimmy I dont know
You dont know
I dont know cause
Im starting like it
Like it
Yeah My endurance
picked up
And Ive
extremely popular
You like stuff
huh
Its lot fun
My boss lil says
aint seen
like it
We 38 phone calls
night
17 requests
moi
17 guys
requested you
Yeah Thats like
what 50 right
They wanted me
I dont know
Look
eating food
You havent
blessed it
Im hungry
I know lets
toast
Im excited
this
All right
To phone bone
Phone bone
Mmm
Amen
He needed
real bad too
I mistress April
This guy
pain
He wanted
counting
As plucked
pubic hairs

With monkey wrench
With
monkey wrench
A monkey wrench
What happened
tweezers
I
picture that
1 ow
2 ow Ow
3 ouch
4 hurts
good
Come on
Thats sick
Thats sick
Its sick
The man got off
Its
sick anyway
Plus I got minutes
Three requests

times
Im telling you
needed bad
Ooh pilot called
From cockpit
Cockpit fuck fantasy
33000 feet
air
With brigitte
busty blonde
A pilot called
cockpit
Mmhmm
No wonder planes
falling
Out sky
left right
You want
wine
No
Thats right
Come on Jimmy
No come on baby
Thats right
Thats right
Oh remember
Bob Tucson
Bob regular
Yeah yeah Well
were vibing right
He loves talk
mother
When time
audition
He likes talk
mother
Because shes got cancer
And
close
Now
torn know
So

acting career
What happened
that
Im actress Jimmy
How acting
What
How acting
Youre stage
camera
Youre phone
How acting
talking phone
It acting
Some perverts
hows acting
Theyre perverts
Jimmy oK
Theyre normal
people right
Baby let
tell something
You continue
live
little fantasy world
With baseball cards
autograph bullshit
Whatever fuck
do
But me I got eat
I got pay rent
Phone sex acting
Now dont
like it
You step
Fuck you
I got Willie mays
Hank Aarons
autograph
On baseball card
Theyre
hall fame
Is phone sex
hall fame
Is
equivalent
cooperstown
For phone sex
hall fame
You bugging
You drank much
Youre trippin
You wish
hammerin Hanks
autograph
Thats goddamn lie
I wouldnt able
pay rent
Phone sex
I am
Im paying bills
Its investment
Im going
sell
its short money
Ill sell

long haul
Get life man
I aint paying rent
What fuck
somebody pulling
pubic hair
With fucking
monkey wrench
It doesnt matter
Its paying me
Ill hop ass plane
Hollywood
live dreams
Whatll do
Youre going
collect autographs
And person
moves
And
pay rent
Springtime usually
time year
When children outdoors
enjoying young lives
Sometimes however
joy get
Carol
In Harlem tonight
tragedy
Afterschool play
turned
deadly game
Nita Hicks
scene
Nita
Thank you Carol
It started
afterschool game
Between little girls
In highrise
apartment building
At 1470 Amsterdam Avenue
What started game
played
Into familys
worst nightmare
It started
hallway door
That girls game tag
led tragedy
Witnesses telling
8yearold Angela king
Was running
sixthfloor hallway
When leaned
elevator door
The elevator however
sixth floor
In fact
18th floor
And elevator door
secure
It not
It gave way
8yearold Angela king
Fell
elevator shaft
Falling floors
basement
Angela rushed
Harlem hospital
But officials
telling
That
transferred
To Manhattans
mount sinai
The little girl
suffering
From multiple
skull fractures
She
intensive care
She listed
critical condition
Right now Im home
Martha Jones
Who Angelas aunt
Yes Im
mothers sister
I dont know
Her mamas
hospital
now
Shes good
little girl
She good
school
She work
She
nice smile
face
Girls laughing
OK oK well
Christine Martin
things hotter
Since guys called
week
Sheila its good
hear voice
Listen Sheila
I want live
fantasy time
Of menage trois
With Christine
friend Rosita
Rosita
I cant believe him
Thats best
friend Sheila
I dont believe you
Martin Christine

With guys
week oK
Now tonight
lets try
A
hot sexual experience
Well

woman
Right Right
He doesnt
love me
I love you
No dont
Thats love
Listen Whats wrong
You dont know
love is
Whats wrong man
wanting wife
wifes friend
To lick dick
time
Oh thats
want
How like
julio
licking me huh
Julio
Yeah julio And besides
hes friend
And I talk him
And says thats
normal right
Speaking spanish
If
me
I him
Oh want julio
Why dont
julio this
Man
I got rolexes
Coming ass
right
You come
Ill buy rolex
Thats worth rolex
Thats worth coming
Now Martin I want
talk gently
Soothe her coax her
Shes wife
You love her
He doesnt
know soothe
coax
Because
likes hard
time
Thats problem
Hes rough
me
Shes frigid
Sheila
Shes ice cold
Dont that
I cold
Frigid ass
Every time dick
gets you
shrivels up
Stop it
Dont talk
like that
I condoms
earmuffs dick
You know reason
I
hard time
Because
likes
behind
He wants
look me
I like look
eyes
He that
Baby doggy style
Thats thing now
Thats whats in
In In ass oK
Hey youre up 6
Its Bob regular
See ya
OK
Bob
Hey baby
you
Im fine
I miss you
Youre going
believe
Im calling from
Oh lets see
Your car
How know that
Cause I tell
You hear
right
Yeah I can
Hello
Hello
Hello lovely
Yes Bob
Hey baby
So um hows
mom doing
My mom
good
Im driving
hospital now
Ill tell
something
Cancer
bad thing
It beast
How
holding up
Im doing
Im oK
I feel like Im wasting
time know
Just big waste
time here
No point
Well know Bob
relationships change
Not relationship
honey
No maam
No thank you
Look
me
When
started out
It
sex
Now time
I you baby
All talk
mother
But sex
red hot baby
Tell what
I want hang on
Im going pull
car over
Just hang me
Im back baby
Bob
Yes lovely
Can I share
you
Shoot
Well I just
I want
know
That
relationship
share
You know talking
mom
everything
Is really
special me
And I
want know
That Im
you
Day night
I mean anytime
So dont hesitate
me
I mean time
doesnt elapse
Before connect
again oK
Lovely
I got go
Ill talk
later
Is
problem
Oh no no no no
thats problem
No problem all
Lovely Ill soon
OK
Remember lovely
going
here
Ill talk
later Bob
Byebye
And matches too
Tell me
You like skiing
Not really
No
How about
um fishing
Its oK
Yeah
Yeah
Who he
Who he
Hes black bastard
No offense No offense
please huh
I want ask
something
Shoot
Id like
fishing
I friend
whos got cabin
lake
You me cabin
rowboat two huh
How much
You uh
Work upstairs
How
cigarettes
Give number
Ill you
Well talk
sometimes
What matter
that huh
Get fucking hands
me
Give sex
Come on
I close shop
back
Stop
OK oK
Dont that
OK
know what
Hey Im rich man
You know
Im saying
I shit
Yeah
You wont
work
Now come on
Fishing Huh
Or fishing
Listen
beautiful woman
Lucky woman
You
wife
I talking
matrimony here
You know
Im saying
Why dont fuck off
Leave alone
Put cigarettes
bag matches
Tell
cost
Thats
me

believe 
 maybe
time 
 lots pity

 erotic city
come alive 
 fuck
dawn 
 making love to
Were girls
bathroom right
And everybody
class
Im going push
right stall
And hand
catholicschool skirt
Ooh
Man
Thats good
Thats good
Im big here
Im like deformed
Oh Melissa
unbutton blouse
OK
Come on
come on missy
Show me
Yeah Show
me too
Oh missy
Your titties
big
Oh God
Im going
explode
Yes
This
I jump say
What girls
think youre doing
Oh God
Cindy
Its Mr blue
custodian
I pull big kielbasa
I say
Look big old kielbasa
Were going
work bargain
Or Im taking walk
principals office
Why dont little
naughty girls
And maybe
Mr big Jim
And twins
little kiss
Come on
nice close
Ooh yeah Mr blue
Oh kielbasas
big
Oh God
I love kielbasa
Give hit
cigarette
Yeah sure
Mmm
Guess what
Hmm
Bob Tucson
Yeah
He wants meet
person
I gave
phone number
You what
You know youre
supposed
that
Look
dont hooked
shit
Its talk
Its job
I know hes
got great voice
Look
I dont care
Did I tell
about
Yes did
And I dont want
hear again
Give cigarette back
Take it
I got
you
Better watch it
Oh shit Jimmy
Hanging out
huh
No no
Im getting milk
Want something
No
Later
All right
What
here
I wanted bring
little something
No I didnt steal it
This old man
gave me
He dream

famous actor
He marry
beautiful movie star
Hed say want
bad
You picture it
hang wall
And look
day
And youre
acting all
I figured
help out
I hope like it
Oh I love this
Thank much
Thank you
No problem
Can I come
while
No cannot
But thank
magazine
oK
And care
yourself
When latebreaking story
hits news
Other stories
pushed aside
As case
story
That covered
months ago
A story
little girl named Angela
Who birthday wish
That wish spend time
special lady
It little story
But
big difference
That decided
come today
And follow it
Thats exactly
were
With help
special guest here
This lady movie star
extraordinaire
She caring
compassionate
She cares
community
This Halle Berry
Thank you
I cant think
better way
spend today
Little Angelas
birthday touched
Millions people
city
But inspired
11000 people
To respond
getwell wishes
If I
making
day special
Im happy
here
Sultan SWAT
Yeah girl
Do
speakerphone
Yeah I got
speakerphone
Now I want
remember
Approaching girl
Is like
approaching home plate
Ha ha ha
Ha ha
I hear you baby
Im uh
Im little
nervous
You know
night games
Night games
kind
kind nervous
Oh baby
come now
Dont nervous
You remember
youre scrub
Oh baby
said right
Do
hitters eye on
I
rotation
seams ball
Like Ted Williams
Ooh
Well Im
pitchers mound
Yeah baby
I got pitchers stance
And Ive got
left leg cocked
Just like
I like it baby
Tell
do
And
high leg kick like
uh Juan marichel
Whoo
Here comes baby
A big fat juicy
straight middle
Shoo
Thwack
Out here
You kiss
baby goodbye
Imitates crowd roar
Whoo
I love you girl
6 sex
darling
Dont I look pretty
With long blond hair
big blue eyes
Dont I look pretty
Im getting
bus now
You smell hair
I walk past you
Youre watching ass
As I walk
bus
Im walking
Im walking
And want me
Im turning now
Im sitting now
Im crossing legs now
And youre watching me
My flower bed
wet now lover
Listen flower bed
Moaning
Now boots off
Yes yes
Now rip stockings
teeth
Oh yes
Dont feet
look pretty
Now touch them
Tickle them
Giggling
Oh yes yes
Oh yes
Faster faster faster
Yes
Dont I look pretty
 eatin dinner
fancy restaurant 
Hi
Working
Ooh surprise
You went in
I figured
youd come out
I didnt know
brain
Got anybody new
Yeah I got guy
named Bob regular
Hes fabulous
You meet him
I like
meet him
Bob regular
What kind
that
I got run
You got eat
We eat
Sylvias
Im sorry
I got plans
All right
tomorrow
Hmm
Friday
Friday
Fridays fine
Good
Fridays good
Good Friday
One alltime
favorite characters
Is foxy brown
Right on
Power people
Talk fast
baby
I got
heavytripping
Jive turkeys
tail
Check out mama
The boss man want
meet Paris
Theres 430 plane
Im town
Ill pick up
Im here baby
Stay black beautiful
sister
Right on
Power people
Put phone down lady
You surrounded
Whats wrong
Whos there
Hold
I there
Im way
Come on mama
Dont ask again
Put phone down
Youre looking
asskicking now mama
Yeah baby
Groaning
Damn woman
Yous bad
Shut mouth
Im talking
sister
Can dig it
Step aside little mama
Dont know
black woman
Is mother
civilization
You didnt
shoot them stupid
Lets Paris
Hello lovely
Its Bob
Where been
Ive busy
Thought youd glad
hear voice
I am
Its just um
Its funny hearing
voice thats all
Hows mom doing
Listen Im
going coming
big apple
For day
close
big deal
I got little free
time 200
Lets
crazy
Im working
double shift tomorrow
Come on Lets
crazy
Lets
coney island
hot dogs
Make love
boardwalk
Just like
song says
Im working Bob
Take vacation
girl
Please I
want you
Say yes
All right
One hot dog
One Nathans
hot dog
And else
OK else
Tomorrow 200
Yes Ill
200
Byebye
All right baby
Byebye
 oh yeah
 I picture
 bed
 I remember
 said
 I thought
love 
 right
 wrong
 I thought
youd side mama 
 youre gone
 I know baby
 good
 come
dont 
 anymore yeah
 I light
 rainy night
 I like better
 youre
holdin tight 
 everybody said
 everybody said

 oh yeah
 tell me
baby baby baby 

 wanna
break heart 
 I know baby
 good
 how come
dont 
 anymore yeah
 dont
now 
Bob regular
Bob
 feels like
 Im gonna die
Bob
 gotta try
 knees
beggin 

 cant
sometime baby 
 its
lousy dime baby 
 cant
sometime baby 
 no no
 earth
 cant pick
phone Yeah 
 know I dont like

 why
6 been
You late honey
Dont
habit
OK
It unprofessional
Hand files
there
Coming late
time
Im tired shit
Im going start
cracking down
How feeling
All right
Whats wrong her
I dont know
Now tell youre
little wet slut
Im little wet slut
Louder
Im little wet slut
Then Im going
tie real good
Have talked before
Your voice sounds
familiar me
No
Whats name
sweetheart
Jack spratt
Whats name
Mrs spratt
Bullshit
No really
My lovely spratt
Bullshit
Who you
Im
want be baby
No youre not
Youre anybody
You aint nobody
You aint shit
baby doll
Disconnect
I cut off oK
OK
Look
polite
I wasnt polite
Yeah well
whatever Dont be
Dont encourage
them oK
Mmhmm
Now
thing
like me
I want talk
you Thats all
You dont shy
me girl 6
Ill good
on
Ill nice
you oK
Click
Your daughter looked
making
miraculous recovery
I mean
hoping
shed released
And released
hospital
soon
We sent Jesus
Its
lords hands now
She talk
Wanting those um
Power ranger dolls
birthday
And pink ranger
girl
And eye
pink one
But I dont know now
Were live right
At Manhattans
mount sinai hospital
Right outside
emergency room
Weve talking
hospital officials
Trying update
Angela king story
Shes 8yearold
little girl
Who fell
elevator shaft
A story riveted
city
And changed
safety policies
We
Angela king
Is listed
critical condition
We ask viewers
send prayers
Hi Lets go
Where you
Come on
got way
Cause I dont want
you
Damn
You miss me
No
I miss you
How doing
Im fine
How doing
My usual
criminal activity
I havent gun
dont intend to
And I dont
peoples houses
I
Who got
need
Thats speed
You know supermarkets
The woolworths Macys
Korean delis
I
I use
Clothes food
Your basic fruits
vegetables
Meats
chickens beef
Porks cold cuts
rice cereal milk
Damn You
smell good
We fun
didnt we huh
Here go
enjoy pie
Thanks man
Youre welcome
I try eat balanced
I got
sweet tooth
know
But I got
bad habits too
Basically good
but
Bad habits
How everybody
Moms doesnt
like living
home anymore
I told
Id seen you
She says exwife
sign
Oh she
Mmhmm
Youre
true love I got
You know that
Really Well um
Im going
leaving town soon
As soon Im able
For good
Im going California
But um
You that uh
That freelance
typing thing
Temp work right
Wrong
Im phone sex
No shit
Yeah
What you
Why me
Have
called before
Hell no
I like touch
Yeah
Mmhmm
Call me
Ring ring
Come on
Ring
All right
Come on me
Ahem
Ring
Ring
Ring
Ring
Ring God damn it
Ring
Hello
Hey
My lovely
Whats yours
Joe schbotnick
Ooh Joe
You
sexy voice
Where
calling from
Death row
Ooh death row
That means
dangerous man Joe
Thats right
Fuckina man
Would like know
I look like
Sure Fire away
Ive got blond hair
Deep dark sensuous eyes
Im 56
And best features
Are big breasts
Theyre 40 doubled
Oh bitchin
40 doubleds Dude
Ooh
Im deep throat Joe
Oh want
this baby
Mmm
Fuckina man
God damn
And I want
bad sweet daddy
You like that
Mr Joe schbotnick
Mmmmmmmmmmmm
mmmmmmmmm
Damn
I didnt know
freak
I was
You
brought me
I brought
you
You heard me
Let something
What
A little shortcut
I know youre playing
Youre playing
Come on come on
come on
What
Baby girl
pretty hand
Oh sweet
What doing
Would stop it
Wait minute
What think
youre doing
Dont hands
pants
Whats wrong you
What expect
talking like that
I playing
you
I dont play like that
right
Dont step
like that oK
I kick ass
going you
Youre right Im sorry
Youre damn straight
youre sorry
So sorry ass home
mama
Youre right
Shit
Cat screeches
Aah
Oh God
You it
I it I it
He spared
expense lil
He spared
expense
No expense
Well everybody
Go ahead Go ahead
Its gorgeous
Aah
Oh wait
Wait minute
Wheres miss 6
Working working
working
Hello
I got
special fantasy
Can I tell you
Tell me
Hey
 France
lived man died
big disease 
 little
 chance girlfriend
came needle 
 soon
All right sexy 6
Its
salt mines
 gang
called disciples 
 high crack
toting machine gun 
Youre like
hot coed
You know
head cheerleader
And I principal
school
Ooh Yeah
Yeah see
everybodys worried
Because youre too
hot
And turn
everybody much
Ooh yeah
I hard
And its like
distracting
Are you uh
Hard right now
I sure am baby
Now see
Im principal
And I
discipline you
Yes Mr principal
Unzip pants
out
You
took hand
And shoved
thing
Tell
need it Tell me
Im wet
I need it
Thats good
Beg it sweetheart
Oh
me
Mr principal
Because Im so
Im so
Im bad
Mr principal
Yeah thats good
Ooh
me please
You want more
Huh
You want more
Mr principal
No no Thats good
Thats good
Thanks lot
I enjoyed that
Hey
6
You right
Do I look right
No You look like shit
Come
sink
Im sending home baby
Youre burned out
75 got smoking
shit
Look lil
I chill
I cool
I fine
Look hey hey hey
Come here
I know
Im talking about
oK baby
Ive
this
You need rest
Yeah
So
trying tell me
Im leave
Yeah leave
You somewhere
recharge batteries
You come back
youre good new
Get sun right
The islands maybe Yeah
Mmm
I need job lil
I know need
job 6
But Im changing
mind oK
Now home
Go ahead
Is job
available
Why change heart
I got phone
Still got pipes
Yes I do
Good When
want start
As soon possible
 hot thing
 hot thing
 barely 21
If decide
accept mission
You realize
That private line
essential
I suggest getting
unlisted phone number
That inaccessible
caller iD
Choose phone
lightweight receiver
I suggest getting headset
That way hands
kept free
While officebound
fantasy girls restricted
By say
A fantasy girl
works home
A home girl
Can experience complete
total freedom
You invite caller
To fully experience
deepest
Darkest
Strangest
Wildest desires
No inhibitions
No restrictions
Total freedom
No taboos
Yeah
Are ready baby
Huh
Are ready now
Im ready you
Ooh Explode me
Oh
Do it
Till youre satisfied
Oh
Ooh
Oh yeah
Ooh
Oh
I loved watching jeffersons
good times
Especially Thelma
Baby I I
But parents home
Weesie
Give phone
Daddy
This man
house
And better
girl
wipe feet with
Not daughter
This house
George
Look here honey
Your mother I want
active social life
But
sicko calls
Listen here baby
You got listen
father
But ma
How I supposed
know sicko
All kept saying was
can I come over
Can I come in
Can I come over
Can I come
Ooh
Telephone rings
Son youre trying
patience
Why cant I
speak her
OK Shell
right here
George
George
going do George
Dont
there George
George
doing George
Dont throwing
stuff here
George
Where Florence
need her
Step back
Dont shoot him
daddy
Aah
Aah
God You cut me
He killed him
Aah ha ha
George thats 10th
phone month
Soul music playing
Oh hes going
slide
Be careful
that baby
The chicken stew
Aah
Whoo
Come on George
Work it baby
Do leanback baby
Do leanback
Aah
Aah
Whoo
Knock door
Shit
Knocking
Who it
Banging door like
theyve lost mind
Knocking
Oh sh
You deaf
Ive banging
door
hour
I busy
Thats
Im talking about
What
ex
You got guy crazy
He wants
you
I dont backwards
I forwards
The mans crazy
I owe money
I dont got job
But damn
damn phone
Were
friends anymore
We dont talk
Its like this
I paid talk now
I dont time
bullshitting you
Me talking
bullshit
Its bullshit
Normal conversation
bullshit
Normal conversation
bullshit
So whats this then
Its letter
Mind business
From who
One callers
Dear miss lovely
Im baby
And its hard
sleep night
Im hungry
Mommy squirt
warm
breast milk
Into bowl
frosted flakes
Theyre great
Signed love
Tony tiger
Whos this
Put back Jimmy
Whos this
Put back
Sexual deviant
This aint reality
It reality
It reality
I know whats real
whats not
Whether want
believe not
Do you
Miss lovely

stuff
Huh Huh
 youve
line 

love 
 I
Hey behave yourself
Ha ha
Heh heh heh
So um want
fishing
I dont fish
You going play
like that
Play you
Yeah I thought
wanted married
Married
This wife
Sangi
woman
Who woman
Ill tell you
This woman
prostitute
With mind you
stolen cigarettes
Call cops
Take out
Call cops
Youre standing
dont shout me
Take cigarettes
Get here
Come on thief
Get out
Speaking hindi
Yeah
Speaking hindi
I sick
nonsense
week week
Its
girls
upstairs
Those bloody
phone sex girls
Phone sex girls
Yes
Dont dare
come near again
You useless donkey
Im phoning
bloody mother
Phone phone
Ha ha ha
 got future
planned 
 bye girl
 listen dont talk
strangers 
 dont forget
prayers night 
 remember
God 
 day
right 
Hey Hey
Ronnie I dont know man
Homey
I help you
No cant
Door closes
Lets go
I thought
somebody I knew
Yeah well shes not
Lets go
Sorry I caused
kind inconvenience man
Ronnie speaking spanish
Dont personal
She doesnt speak me
either
I guess
shes working huh
Yeah
I hear
door
I havent seen
weeks
She gave number
Its unlisted
But told
you
Besides
screens calls
dont back
I miss her man
If
me
I dont know
Ill
message
 hmm hmm hmm
Beep
Hey honey
Its calling
command central
Can
Nikis regs today
Shes got flu
Call asap
Wake up Call back
Ciao
Beep
Yo yo yo
Jimmy
You
back girl
I you
Whats that
Beep
Hi baby doll
This lover calling
Im surprised
youre home
I usually dont
leave messages
And I dont
like machines
I prefer human beings
I think invented
answering machine
shot
How continue
romance
If youre home
waiting me
Bye baby doll
Hello love
Its Mr snuff
I know
Uh listen
I want ask
question
Are ugly
No Im beautiful
The reason
I ask
Is I
watching Oprah
day
And
program
phone sex
And
girls
ugly
So Im asking you
ugly
No Im absolutely
Positively gorgeous
Youre beautiful
Yes Im beautiful
That doesnt
sense
How slut
beautiful
The Mona Lisas
beautiful
The statue libertys
beautiful
The grand canyon
day spring
The newfallen snow
thats beauty
But slut
Is slutty right
You know
Yes
Did miss me
Kind of
I missed you
You know I
opened you
Ive opened heart
you
I trust you
You do
I do absolutely
And its time
good part
Im scared
Ill quick
And youll
happier
its over
OK
Youre happy
now you
No
No
Youre happy
youre
fuck slut right
Right
So that
Im fuck slut
No no Im
happy because
Say it
Im happy
Because Im
fuck slut
Thats right
There go
But youre going
happier
When
said done
Now
were going do
Were going
head bag
Were going tie
nice tight
Were going tie
nice snug
And Im going
fuck life
Ill you
And its lights out
Oh no
Lights completely out
Why
me
Thats
fucking business
But
business
Because I want
love you
Dont contradict me
I dont need
you understand
Yes
Are ready OK
Good Were going spice
things up right
Mmhmm
Im going come
apartment
And were going
real How sound
Oh baby please
lets like this
Dont fucking perform
Im not
Dont fucking
perform me
I dont want
bullshit
OK I
performing
Im performing you
Then doing
I want to
I want love you
No no I dont want
love
I dont need love
I love
I plenty
believe me
I mother
I friends
I dont want love
Oh come on
me
Please
Bullshit
I live
close you
Im going
come there
And Ill
minutes
Ill bag
tied head
watch struggle
But dont know
I live
No
213 east 5th street
apartment number 5
 ghettos
left 
 flowers right
 therell be
Hello
Hi there um
This lovely
I got
wild card Ha ha
Can favor
And send somebody
whos um
Really sweet right now
All right sit tight
Ill right back
OK
Byebye

problems 
Ring
Hello
Hey Im
corner
I wondering
needed anything
Maybe haagendazs
Or dozen
longstemmed red roses
That love much
Look dont
leave alone
Ring
Ring
Hello
Well guess what
Theyre green bags
I got blue
And theyre
seethrough kind
Is good
You know what um
That sounds really
good baby
I think
green baggies
come
Because I got
ass
sick motherfucker
Im going kill
come here
Thats I want hear
I swear God
Im going kill you
Why holding
like that
Shouting
Whyd hold
me
Come over
Thats right
Ring
Jimmy
Jimmy
What
Open door
Hold on hold on
You got
let in Jimmy
Look you
Please let
spend night
Yes
Phone bone stuff
Come on You look
pitiful Pitiful
Jimmy
Jimmy
Jimmy
What
You asleep
Yes
Guess what
What
Im going
Los Angeles
I thought LA
falling
pacific ocean
No I think
its um
You know its time
I started
Pursuing acting thing
know
You mean
time huh
Yeah
Well thats
want do
Im it
Im happy you
Thank you
You know Ive been
Trying tell you
If I saw you
That uh
I finally broke
And sold
memorabilia
collection
Really
Yup
It hard do
but uh
I cant wait 20 years
I got eat now
I got pay rent
Especially
youre moving
Who I going
borrow money from
Ha ha ha
Some fool
I guess Ha ha
I got you
I want you
This tops
Mint condition
1964 baseball card
Signed Hank Aaron
Willie mays
Both hall famers
Hank Aarons
hit home runs
Than anybody
major league baseball
More babe Ruth
Its you
Signed both
So remember
that right
Give kiss
All right
I will
Dont sell that
No matter
low get
Dont
sell one
Say hey
Willie mays
The greatest ball player
lived
Woman chattering
Asked Jesus
Who greatest
kingdom heaven
It says Bible
Jesus called
little child
And set child
middle them
Hi
Hi
I decided bring
person
Angela look that
Thats you
What going
lady
Thank you
Oh youre welcome
honey
Say God bless you
God bless you
God bless you too
Can I kiss
Thank
money
God bless you miss
Thank you
Hey
I heard girl
Angie got out
Thought
celebrate
You calling
house
I would
youre unlisted
I wanted
normal conversation
All right
Im going LA
its safe
How hell
LA safe
Its safer here
Plus I got
acting thing
going again
You cant act
New York
No Theres
history
Oh Judy
Im going
miss you Judy
Judy
I
like way
called that
 Tracy died
 soon
longfought
civil war 

hal wiped away
tear 
Taxi
About time
Yes
Driver drive Drive
Where going
To cali
Jfk Make sure
gets safe
What times
flight
In hour
Peace
Bye Judy
 snows
 April
Miss brown
Hes sorry
waiting
He agents
work
minor details
This is course
reading
Its like
meeting
He wants
specifics
catch up
Yes course darling
 good things


 springtime
favorite 
 time year
 time lovers
 holding hands
rain 
 springtime
reminds of 
 Tracys tears
Welcome Hollywood
lovely
Glad it
How been doll
Ive fine
thank you
So lets
look you
Mmhmm
Good eat
OK Here go
Rob you uh going
shoot line
Yeah
And
answer him honey
I want turn
head Real slow
Then were going kiss
OK
And then
Well
OK rob
Delivery
Come in
OK were
going kiss
Good good
Now let
open up
Come on come on
We need
tits honey
Keep kiss going
please
Rob help her
We dont year
sweetheart
Mmm Mmm
Please dont that
Stop
Dont that
Rob thats oK
Look Ive got ladies
waiting audition
I dont day lovely
OK Whenever
youre ready
Lets
youve got
The reason Ive
consented
Is I wish
clear name
Not I care
people think
But enough
And helps
people end
Thats fine too
Some people
freak
I hate word
Because I dont believe
labels
I consider
normal
Whatever normal is
But What going
do huh
That deal
Mmhmm
Good Very good
OK
Ooh ooh look
offense here oK
Im trying free
No restrictions
Thats
role required
Hmm
No offense taken
Oops
 good things


 good things


 love isnt love
 till its past
 1 2
 1 2 3
 girl 6
Telephone rings
Oh yeah
Ring
 yeah
hey hey hey 
 girl 6
Girl
Hi there
Whats name
 girl 6
Oh yeah
 girl 6
Ive got dark hair
I
great figure
 girl 6
Oh yeah
 ooh yeah yeah
 girl 6
 way
ghetto 
 little butt
sway 
Ahahah
 tears
level 
 price
big pay 
Yes
 keeps pride
bucket 
 milky way
 hey hey
 girl 6

wanna hear 
 girl 6
 listen fears
 girl 6
Oh yeah
 laughing tears
 girl 6
 I
 long
youre 
 God youre pathetic
 day
Ooh yeah
 talk
sh 
Shut up already
 matter lame
Tame
 eagles landing
 claim fame
 got number

 know
its good 
 bucket
 heavens
phone away 
 hey hey
 girl 6

want be girl 
 girl 6
 listen fears
 girl 6
Oh yeah
 laughing tears
 girl 6
 I
 long
near 
 girl 6
So good
 girl 6
Oh yeah
 whats end
way out 
 way where

directions 
 December
surround 

stuff do 
 tease
dreams 
 girl 6 doubt
 hey hey hey hey
hey hey yeah 
Jimmy watching game
I uptight
That boy damn fool
Under pressure divas
 hey hey yeah
 girl 6
Ive
feet day
 girl 6
Im hands
knees
 girl 6
 girl 6
Aah
 girl 6
 want
hear 
 girl 6
 listen
fears 
 girl 6
 whoo
 come on baby
 girl 6
 I
 long
near 
 girl 6
 I
 want
hear 
 girl 6
 I
 want
hear 
 girl 6
 I
 want
hear 
 girl 6
 I
 long
near 
 girl 6
 yeah yeah yeah
 girl 6
 girl 6
 girl 6
 girl 6
