 we
celebrate the birthday of the revolution
in the hundredth anniversary of the
communist manifesto of combat Carl Marx
today we salute the Union of Soviet
Socialist Republics which together with
her neighbors is the greatest works for
peace that the world has never known
poor land is with us Czechoslovakia is
with us Germany is with us china is with
us all over the world communism is under
arch the people rags from their sleep
the idea world revolution is no longer a
mere dream the Soviet Union will triumph
and peace as it has triumphed in war we
are the strongest nation in the world we
are nation in the world
 to the Republic and to
Herschel's tiny divider of the Republic
that's enough challenge element well
that's the way the people in the Soviet
Union see the world today but then the
Russian people aren't allowed to read
 by
25 members of our own Club we here in
the overseas press club are well
informed on what's going on behind the
Iron Curtain because many of our own
members have found ways to outwit the
Communist sensors and now thanks to our
guest of honor Tom Kelly who is Justin
back from Hungary there's a new chapter
for the book treason in Budapest 1949
yes I covered the so called treason
trial of Cartann manzetti the one behind
the scenes the one conducted by the
crowd from the Kremlin and that's where
my chapter really begins in Moscow it's
a nice sunny morning in November 1948
everything is quiet at the Kremlin I'm
being transferred to budapest by way of
Paris
it's not so easy to get into Budapest
these days but I have a visa that's
still good for hungry so I'm having my
last bath in Moscow and enjoy Judith
need that tray on the center table hand
me a towel
thanks pal service in this hotel is
getting better all the time
good morning mr. Paul Jenkins of the
Toronto Star now I'll pause my roommate
he's not here you will come with us mr.
Jenkins look here my name is Kelly you
can check it on my passport yes and
please get dressed at once okay pal have
it your way I'll be you ah
mr. Kelly I apologies someone has been
an unfortunate for Steve but what about
Jenkins he's a nice guy mr. Jenkins is
returning home tomorrow we found it
advisable to revoke his visa I guess
maybe he's homesick I see you're leaving
for Paris uh-huh little vacation you
know wine women song but the morning mr.
Kelly and have a nice time Oh what just
one thing comes out yeah you to
make some inquiries for me about George
Polk oh he was covering the guerrilla
fighting between the Communists no royal
list in Greece found dead last May you
said you try and get a final report for
me on it oh yes darling incident a most
regrettable accident accident with a
bullet in his head in his hands and feet
tied together with strips of wire i'm
sorry mr. Kelly but the latest report
from our embassy says accident thank you
good morning Thomas on
accident I didn't like the sound of that
I was doing the same kind of job I might
wind up in Budapest just as george polk
did in Greece but the story look so hot
I figured it was worth the risk so I
made my plans accordingly with the Paris
office sure I went through all the
motions of a visiting fireman having a
wonderful time in gay Paree just in case
anybody was watching but after a few
days I stopped paying firemen and I set
out for Budapest
Budapest where east meets west the Blue
Danube is something more a loss by
Johann Strauss the moment it looked as
if nothing had happened if everything
 had been when I
was here 10 years ago but everything
wasn't the same the war had left its
mark on Budapest to the scars still
showed in a lot of places of course it
was still a city of a lot of try and a
lot of tradition the people held their
heads high most of the time but when
 street they
managed to look the other way here was a
scar that nobody could hide this was the
house of terror a house of torture
that's masters were of
things in Budapest
everything seemed as light and gay as
the whipped cream on the coffee
especially in the cafe joy yes a lot of
things were just as they were when I was
here 10 years ago
I'm Thomas have some coffee same old
Santa always in character I'm gonna wait
 you act as if it's been 10
minutes 10 minutes 10 years what's the
difference just a few more ejection
slips that's up same old Amish welcome
mr. Kelly and if I might make a
suggestion dr. I'd like to say that your
second act is you may not make a
suggestion the doctor would only listen
to me could be a first-rate player i'd
like more enough that of a second-rate
physician and nobody wants around well
mr. Kelly for your dinner good as of
course you always did like that goulash
well confidentially I flew all from
paris just to get the recipe for the
goulash oh yes you always get from that
recipe well who knows perhaps there's
time can be arranged tell me something
Santa suggests my imagination or all the
Russians sitting on one side of the room
in just the Hungarians on the other yes
my that's the way it is input of us
today I see and just where do you said
dr. desti is in the middle I
simply believe in the art of survival
 a report of
this to the secret police till dr. dash
tick I would be the honest
I don't is
there anyone in Budapest today who can
be one except me
you ought to be ashamed of yourself
sander wasting your time on trash like
this even if you don't believe in
anything anymore you ought to do better
by your characters they don't stand for
anything it's just an empty play about
any people i know it is a perfect
reflection of me sit down Stephanie
Kelly doesn't approve of me either miss
Stephanie varna mr. Thomas Kelly how do
you do hello Kelly we used to sing a
song about a man named Kelly in France
during the war has anybody here seen
Kelly Kelly with the green next tab well
I'm I do have a
beautiful green tie I'll wear it for you
next time what brings you to Budapest
mr. Kevin wanna find out how the
Russians are taking over Budapest if
they're doing they're being quite legal
about it years ago the
commoners polled only twenty-one percent
of the vote now they're the major party
control the government newspapers in the
schools how come the twenty one percent
was the last free election some changes
were inevitable and not all them are
bad some people said the same thing
under Hitler speaking of her that he's
not a Nazi song messing
we still have a few left
if you must play german music letter to
 German that Nazi music stayed
dead with the Nazis who's the colonel
it's and a manly caught the liaison
between the Russian army who liberated
us in the garyun police who pretend
to us how nicely you predict the sea of
course that many covers in love with
buddha person a russian in love with
Budapest is still
please forgive me mr. Kelly I only
dropped in to return Sanders play I
should hope to see you again while you
were here good evening sander and a
lovely fresh healthy now let's see where
were we politically oh yes I was just
gonna ask her what about the church that
 men's NT have a chance this
name is not to be thrown around in
public it excuse me please have an
urgent appointment nevar
oh yeah yes sir this headline says death
to the Trib that isn't the way everybody
feels is it I wouldn't know about that
said I never mix up in politics it might
ask Miss Mona sometime she's a music
teacher at one of the schools so they
say well that's not only a good
suggestion but it's a good excuse to see
her you have perhaps that's when compete
with the Russian colonel
three whole day and everyone in year you
don't look a minute older
how long must we go on this way hiding
in the to be seen together
in public wonder doesn't anything work
out in time I have a nun excellent
authority in the little while no one in
the Kremlin will care of a Russian
officer knives nigerian music teacher
I'm sure if he saw you Stalin himself
would insist upon kissing the bride
darling you're wonderful who is it
please tell me with the green nectar an
American newspaper reading room how did
you who told you a
local Patriots but don't hold that
against it just what is it you want here
well tell Monica look I guess I didn't
go about this in the right way the
report has to begin somewhere i would
suggest mr. Kelly if you wish official
information that you go through official
channels oh I will but I like to work
from the outside of the safe early
example well miss vana might be able to
tell me cardinal mins and he
figures and all this fuss about the
schools I have nothing wish
to know something about the card know
why did you speak with a man himself he
is the prisoner thanks girl that's a
very good idea well good night miss
 dental Moloch oh and thanks oh I
I seem to be out of matches there are
some on the piano thanks
French Legion of Honor
Eli's kennel no miss Varna was a member
of French underground during the war
one moment to me this matter
seems to be purely domestic issue why
should it concern you and your American
newspapers or are you Catholic no I'm
 you remember channel the
Allies signed a peace treaty with hungry
at the end of the war Russia was one of
the Allies well that treaty guarantees a
lot of things including a little item
called personal me
Ken these are days when Liberty is
everybody's business huh so no I'll be
seeing you
Americans are impossible this this
question about Mazzetti perhaps I should
have explained that minsan he is not a
native state he must submit must be
eliminated calibre learn it is the same
here Union there can
only be one party in one state in the
churches
what are these things matter to you and
me I think you're a communist I'm not
never will be we belong to each other
politics can't change that hey Alex I
want so much believe that but right
now I feel a she sherlyn try Kenny said
liberty is everybody's be delivered is
just a word a dangerous work
it wasn't easy to find the card the
state had taken over his school he
wasn't in Budapest and he wasn't in esta
Gong three days later I was right back
where I started in the cafe George hello
 care to join me for lunch no mr.
Kelly I thought you really meant the
invitation I would be delighted to
accept well of course I'm mad thank you
very much if you don't mind should we
sit over there that suits me
 have no
prejudice against American oh that's all
right i have no prejudice against
russians in many respects we are so much
alike and so different to tell me how
did you make out with your cardinal
cantilever young men are half as smart
as I think they are you know down well I
never even got to see him and if you had
just how would it have helped your story
I don't know you see channel I could
write the story from A to Z without
setting foot out of this carefully
another whole routine I watched it in
Russia Poland Czechoslovakia but up
until now I always came in on my last
act of the show this time for once in my
life I mean on the beginning I want to
see how you do it make the fix I mean
the frame-up will excuse me mr. Kelly
and a tip as you call it even matter and
simulations have resulted in a revoked
visa
and I thought was going to be the
beginning of a beautiful friendship so
did I
what would it soufflé
who surprised me anything but beef
stroganoff and please serve it over
there hello my apologies for barging in
on you the other evening I'm very glad
 you figure
that you said something liberty
being everybody's business you're right
is there some way I can help maybe I
need the answer to a lot of questions
one what about those petitions against
the Cardinal none in our school yet but
others have had government jobs dollar
arm stuff anyone ever had much
trouble with the Cardinal before
certainly not he's very popular with the
people and why hadn't the people
protested what about the underground
there is no underground the Russians
take care of that every day hundreds of
people were arrested you've never heard
of again every day hundreds try to flee
across of Austria as they can
but surely someone must stand with the
Cardinal yes of course but some
Hungarians are like me they're not
Catholic they don't want to get involved
one way or another I don't believe that
about you hey mr. to you mr. Kelly would
lift a test yella yes tell me just what
would you say the Russians are angling
for in Budapest these days we can tell
sir no at this in stand
another war if we had to heaven save us
from another liberation
do you know what means I think so
mr. Kelly if I could get hold of the
decent car how would you go for
a drive in the country some afternoon
soon well now you're talking but if that
tip isn't on the level we may be
followed you may be taking a big chance
I know but it's everybody's business now
isn't it try to ride all right this was
the hungry I never knew before no cafes
no boulevards practically no roads and
in no time at all we will completely
lost if it hadn't been for a certain
former as dog we would never have found
the Muslim people as a matter of fact it
was a carnival found us
he looked just like any ordinary form
when I saw his ring I know he was the
man I was looking for of course I wasn't
too sure how it worked out he didn't
 Steve but the dog
 us my guest that counted
for a lot so we went for the Cardinal
and while they met his mother in the
vineyard she insisted that we sit down
with suddenly I felt right at home I
almost forgot about the questions I
wanted to ask almost but not quite
your eminence are you dressed like this
because you're an exam no well I'm here
at the farm i'm a former it has to go me
 I was much happier
when you were just a village priest yes
I too was much happier as a village
priest but I have every reason to
believe that when the time is right the
government will regard me only as the
Cardinal primate of hungry and be quite
fair pletely accordingly do you mean a
raft they would not dare you can tell
what these men will dare the move
against the schools is the final move
against the church we had some 5,000
schools in Hungary 3,000 of them were
Catholic as long as I am responsible in
any degree for these schools we shall
teach their the Gospel according to
Jesus Christ not according to Karl Marx
a coma sauce tally on this point I will
not G it but it's a no chance for some
compromise some agreement what chance is
there of agreement between Christ's of
Antichrist do not misunderstand me mr.
Kelly I do not condemn our Russian
neighbors this race or the people but I
do condemn the police state to which
they are enslaved we in Hungary will
also be enslaved if we submit two men
who owe their allegiance to the Kremlin
one must take a stand somewhere one must
draw a line past which one will not
retreat
for myself I have taken that's there I
have drawn that line I will not
surrender our schools to the domination
of the state you don't have a chance
here isn't there some way you could get
out of the country and lead this fight
from exile I will not run away now good
men on eat it here next move is up to
the Soviets and when will that come who
can tell might come today or a year from
today sky can target without warning
like this store that's moving along now
it is methyl it will pass yes perhaps it
will past shadow will still be upon us
when the real storm breaks mr. Kelly the
enemy will not appear among us as an
enemy no he will appear as one who
wishes to save us from disaster he will
have the heroes part I will be the
villain of the piece is always that way
that which is evil must be made to
appear good that which is good must be
made to appear evil so it was with
Hitler when he moved in the Poland so it
is now with stallion when he moves into
angry how do you feel about all this
don't live worried for my son I'm
worried for Holden to me sometimes when
a storm is in the making it's a relief
to say let it come let it come fast hot
good night time I won't say thanks I
wouldn't know how to begin yeah the
Cardinal is made me feel like a
 good night why are you
so late where you been Chris me alex is
this an official business am i under
arrest certainly not and I don't think I
should take please it's important Kelly
and I went to visit Cardinal manzetti
the brothers phone he's truly remarkable
man I do not understand why should you
do such a thing why should you want to
you wouldn't understand I told you feel
any idea whether you were followed I
don't you tell well that is fortunate
but you must promise me something
promise me you will never try to see
this manzetti again yeah only this
morning his secretary father's a car
with Vesta come and
taken Chuck John who
is complete what difference does that
make it he's been arrested he certainly
be convicted darling means that he's a
traitor and so are those who stand
wedding I'm afraid for you your life is
my life now give me your promise I will
not promise I'm Hungarian and I can go
where I please in my own country yes you
 go where you
please anymore you're mistaken Alex do
please face the realities of life your
country is free a name only actually
there's a province of Union I
will never admit that Stephanie this is
no time for sentiment I know this is the
time to face the realities of life I'm
very tired good night Alex
good night
this is the nickel on Ministry of
Education round of this music that
you're playing it is not on the previous
polish really but it is one of our
oldest wrong I learned it when I was a
child in school you will play it no more
I have here a petition in the matter of
joseph menn gently in Flanders the class
will sign a petition what kind
of petition tissue demanding the arrest
of mins and here is a pleasure to the
state the colonel is not a traitor for
us he is as
traitors to i will give you one more
chance those who wish to find they still
do so be glad to regard them as
having volunteered their cooperation now
spanner you were fine first then your
class no I will not sign don't any of
you sign this one is a Russian why
should the Russians tell us what we must
do oh I know we are grateful to them for
many things but the war is over now and
they ought go
home unless we make a firm stand
somewhere all of this we must draw a
line past which there is no retreat and
for me this petition is that line I will
not sign I will not ask anyone else to
sign class is ordered to remain here
until I return despondent you will come
 me
you
hello Madigan wedding since early
afternoon and I see all harmful moment
very well it's a friend of mine in
serious trouble with the police I never
interfere and police matter it's a
friend of yours too Stephanie are you
sure absolutely I was supposed to pick
her up after school but the secret
police beat me to us she's right here in
this building never mind aren't you
gonna do about it there's
nothing I can do is not my department
she would be questioned that is all NKVD
questioning if Stephanie were my girl
I'd figure out something you don't
understand maybe I don't you're sure you
do
vana you'll come with me
Stephanie Barnett sit down the father I
will question the suspect alone see that
I'm not interrupted your record is must
be explained forgive me darling I begged
you not to do anything that my guess was
wrong it go off please darling try to
forget yesterday you're leaving Budapest
at once I've arranged a visa I will not
run away Stephanie be reasonable do you
realize it is not safe for us to see
each other now and if you remain here I
I may not be able to protect you protect
me were you able to protect me last
night or this morning if I try to help
you then I could do nothing for you now
please believe me you must either
conform to things as they are in
Budapest r you must leave now at once
I'm the state now is the time when good
men are needed here and women too may I
go now Alex you patriotic little fool
I will see you as soon as it is
practical
I'm sure these days you Russians are
highly practice
yeah hold on the I was
feeling pretty good about until one
afternoon a few days later I got a
summons to drop in on Carol Mel meter
wasn't sure what was on the fire until I
stepped inside and a familiar voice said
ah mr. Kelly mr. to see you
again must you enjoyed your vacation
loved it I live for wine women and song
they have come to our attention mr.
Kelly certain articles recently
appearing in the American newspapers
which are well vaguely reminiscent of
your style Oh interesting is my byline
on no oh well then they can't be right
my contract calls for my name to appear
on every article i right oh I see and
the office is very careful not to
violate the contract of course that's
all thank you not at all tell me mr.
Vela if any statement you would care to
make only general situation in the
hungry at a
visitor here besides I'd make it a point
never to interfere in the affairs of us
of our friendly neighbor things today
huh and thank you
so I canceled with visa comrade
commissar Oh voters the utmost witnessed
by your staff and all matters affecting
public security now feral bees arrange
the conference with Conrad rakoshi vice
premier the Hungarian government Colonel
Timmer head of the regular police
Gabriel Peter head of the secret police
I need hardly remind you gentlemen that
the pullet Bureau in Moscow is not
interested in explanations it deals only
with results and the results in the case
of Joseph in tempe have been negligible
someone has failed miserably cometic
Russia as vice premier the Hungarian
government for all practical purposes
you are hungry how do you analyze the
situation what else could we do we took
 schools but most of the
teachers in their hearts are still loyal
to Vincent II we have given him every
opportunity to escape to leave the
country he refuses to leave I assure you
comrade commissar you will not find it
easy to intimidate this man how
distressing you do not understand
comrade commissar was still very
popular with the people side of our
attacks upon him in the newspapers
perhaps come read you will remember he
was a leader in the anti-nazi resistance
and if heart is a peasant of the peasant
you posed our program for land
redistribution yes only because it
didn't have enough to have a farmer we
proceed against him now without some
real evidence it might prove to be
disastrous if we do not proceed against
in now comrade colonel it will also
 disastrous let us be
realistic to you see that this Cardinal
is now on the house arrest in the
cathedral at estimate I ask you in all
logic how much longer do you Hungarian
stinky
continue to play out this little farce
which you fall protective custody either
the man is under arrest or he's not
under arrest each day that he remains at
liberty the prestige of your government
suckers the prestige of the Soviet Union
suffers now I is not
one of our secret I want asked for a
final showdown with the church at this
time once the issue is joined there can
be no retreat there can be no surrender
on our part this religion like all
religions the name is the inevitable
enemy the Soviet state treated as such
you must destroy this man the faith that
 you well
Colonel Timmer what do you suggest you
put it that way come a commissar there's
only one answer and be arrested once for
conspiracy against the Colonel
Peter you have a suggestion I agree with
Colonel Timmer letting me try it by a
People's Court and hang for a traitor
sooner the better excellent suggestion
on that is it enough will not serve our
purpose to destroy the man and create a
killer we must destroy something more
than the mere man so let's say
everything about his reputation suppose
suppose we told the world that he was
anti-semitic but everyone in Hungary
knows that the Cardinal is not Addison
 protect the Jews against the Nazis
he even hid them in his own salad but
the world outside does not know about
that charge of anti-semitism will be
effective in time we repeated often
enough like Hitler leave me the
 for big loss Thank You colonel
yes very good technique indeed
we have any other suggestions no no but
 it desirable to make a
political martyr out of the Cardinal
especially during the Christmas season
which is now approaching excellent track
yes yes we must be careful of all
these things even an anti-semitic
traitor must be brought to trial at
exactly the right time not to assume not
too late yes we must completely
discredit this man his own country his
own church in his own soul but not
before Christmas comment Akashi not
before Christmas with best wishes from
our set for a very merry christmas eve
perfect much too perfectly oh and here's
something for a friend in the kitchen
with my compliments and something for
you too why thank you sir thank you very
 our chef would like to
thank you personally he's rushing to
catch a plane he's spending his holidays
with relatives in Switzerland no loss
champagne this is a great day for me I
have been sued for plagiarism isn't it
wonderful thank you rate them after that
serious thats literary larceny oh my
dear boy budapest that is taken for
granted it sooner live in the theater
everybody steals from someone else the
krishna issue is not the you speed of
the play from so and so the question is
one of good taste was the play of
so-and-so worth stealing it did offend
distinguish between a brilliant play
arrived at the darwin i might not write
the best place in the world as yet but i
only remember the best
and my friend congratulations on those
articles articles what articles the ants
timed ones which have been appearing in
American newspapers quite scary prank in
this screen one wonders how you got the
recipe forgetting them are to
miss to drink a
toast let us drink to free the kind of
odds are they courting around here on
freedom these days hot enough
to freedom to those who live for it to
those die for it to freedom
well we excuse me for a moment I see one
of my lawyers is a different if i play
my cards right who knows he might even
pay for my dinner
what's the matter Steve nothing have you
seen him since and I don't want to that
isn't true maybe it isn't but what can I
do about it I hoped Alex might be one
Russian courage to think for himself
live with it's hard oh this is no way to
spend Christmas Eve have a much better
idea see if you can meet me here on an
hour but don't come up you think you're
being you now don't ask
any questions it'll take your mind off
things all right town Thank forget it
take extra good care of yourself yanosh
go ahead wit sir and you money grab a
cupcake I may want to take it with me
good evening colonel your Americans
amaze me I felt certain you would never
 me again mrs. Christmas Eve
peace on earth goodwill them in even
during a war this sort of an armistice
tonight and tomorrow I was never brought
up to believe in Christmas in my country
the party let's forget politics for one
night so anyway you and I could take a
nice little law without being tailed by
one of your boys
I'll meet you outside we can talk in my
car okay you don't want to walk we ride
Mary
but a beautiful cake like a wonderful
tour that's remembers a child the kind
of pointed always belongs someone else I
thought you were trying to forget
sometimes it's better to forget tonight
I remember too well the Nazis took our
call fight they lost everything that I
held dear my mother my father my brother
died in the street fighting my sister
and her two children were kidnapped and
exterminated in the Hitler gas white the
world forgets these things because as a
rule that is better to forget honor than
to remember it I do not forget funny we
both fought to turn the Nazis back so
did I we won that battle together but
now only have to go on the ground in a
bard seller eat Christmas cake together
how do you figure that out Alex
sometimes our difficulties between
countries that do not exist between
individuals well good night all I'm
going up on a roof and see if Santa
Claus to break through the iron kitten
and get down a few chimney good night
doc Oh blow Canada when i
get to the top of the steps there's not
supposed to be any laid down here for
the ranks Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas Kelly
very good individuals
next to
esta gone for Christmas and a wonderful
Christmas at what we got there in time
for high mass for a moment you'll almost
forget what was coming up but only for a
moment when I took a look at the guard I
knew they hadn't come to pray I knew
this was did
the code and everyone else in that
church and so my dear good people the
days of the teasers are always with us
innocent of massacred the brave are
compelled you with the wreck site like
the Holy Family itself on its flight
into Egypt yet the Word of God abides in
the hearts of men nothing can destroy
that or it is the only reality that
transcends all other reality day christ
is born again for our redemption so we
too are born again and so on this the
birthday of all mankind let us stand
firm in that faith which makes us free
bet free before God free before Caesar
let me affirm once more I love my
country as I love my church if I resist
the Russian authorities were among us I
resist them for the same reason that I
resisted the na dzis once held in
bondage also i am against tyranny in all
forms and under all labels some of you I
know have been asked to testify against
me to sign petitions against me I
forgive you freely I know the pressures
to which I too will be subjected time is
drawing there were nice to be taken from
you so I say for you
as to my fellow bishops be of good heart
engage in demonstrations thank you
for me as I shall pray for you and
remember please now and as always I pray
for a world of charity a world of
justice I pray for my accusers as I pray
for you my own people today on his
birthday may God be with you and all the
days of your lives
you
have you had word from your secretary
father's wrong car I would not they
would talk to him of course they will
tell the world that he has confessed to
all kinds of things things David he has
confessed the
world will never know for sure what a
good young man he really is matisse
 poison to ruin a well on a farm
or to spoil a reputation in the big city
matter what happens you must speak for
the truth prison but the world
chooses to remember us we hope we will
be remembered for what we did with our
lives in the days of our freedom
it's my duty to announce that you're
under arrest so it is comment last
thank you
what are your instructions there to come
with us at once but go to change the
street for treatment yes it's not a
religious procession you know public
demonstration what is it yeah all these
years I've given my life to God but they
choose to take it now it will only
discover that it is already spoken for
you
I have partaken in no conspiracy
whatsoever I shall not make any
concessions if however you should read
that I confessed and even see it of
Santa catered by my signature regard
that as nearly the consequences of human
frailty and to advance I declare such a
null and void
so the real trial began the trial that
nobody ever heard enough tell us again
when did you first begin to conspire
against state I have not
been spired against the Hungarian state
but you have refused to cooperate with
the government have you not I have
refused to cooperate with those who have
taken over the government ah then you
admit that you are guilty of trees by
deny that I am guilty of treason I say
it is the present government that is
guilty of treason and the government do
you leave reason this the true
government of hungry desertion
government appointed to office by
Russian trauma sighs kept in office by
the power of the Russian army answer the
question can the government be guilty of
treason yes the government can be guilty
of treason reason to God reason to
Hungary recently humanity you've always
been against the government is it not so
 always been against tyranny
wherever I thought how many Reuben
can find a trail straight first in 1919
as a young priest I opposed the
administration of the dictator balak you
you will refrain from referring to the
name of bella coola Trotskyite 1944 as
official I spoke out against the true
these are the naughty occupation myself
again fine
day is a continent I find myself in
prison once more only this time what is
your real name name you were born with
my family name is Peyton a journey huh
yes the name is of German origin when
did you change your name didn't sunday
of the Nazis first occupied Hungary what
why are sniffing it where you saved on
no it's a German name I wanted no
favours the hands of the naughty so I
took a Hungarian name I took the name of
the village which I was born 10 mins n
why are you a Jew I am NOT against the
Jews I have suffered with them I have
worked with them I regard them as my
brothers you're for the return
of the monarchy country are you not I am
not working for the return of the
monarchy in Hungary why did you
speculate in the black market for the
American money I did not speculate on a
black market I bought clothing and food
for the poor with a specific approval of
the government you're working with a
pope to bring the whole world war I'm
not that is not true the Pope prays for
peace
he would but you have an allegiance to
the Pope is it not so yes matter
spiritual I have an allegiance to the
phone and between your allegiance the
Pope and your allegiance to Hungary
which would you say is the great house I
do not have to choose between my god in
my country I find it quite simple love
the one without betraying the other let
me to observe your eminence that there
are those who do not find it quite so
simple the Secretary's confessed many
times every day that's a little more
come your eminence I for many young man
to suffer needlessly do is your
profession now let there be an end to
all these questions no the lever confess
I have done nothing to injure my country
neither has my secretary father's okay
say he has confessed is because
we have taunted him beyond the point of
endurance I say
other
oh mercy
see comrade commissar he's not so easy
he fed the Cardinal on his feet ever
since he was arrested secretary will
confess to anything Cardinal who
confessed nothing then we must find
those whose testimony will support that
the secretary arrest everyone who has
had any dealings with the Cardinal in
the past month and for his eminence
 we need
special medical attention very special I
just don't believe it they say here that
the Cardinals confessed to the crime of
treason against state how do you
expect my dear our Russian friends are
very efficient in these matters he was
said it the arrest the man yeah either
confesses I've never heard of again
apparently all I think about a way
where's Janish relish is not working
tonight sir that's strange wasn't here
last night either Tommy Thomas why do
americans make so much trouble for
yourself why do you not accept life as
it is if SF matters further complete
then it is and a comfy is it a complete
where do we go from here there's the
Cardinal fall out of a window and a hive
building like can't talk he
found in the Danube some morning with a
suicide note in his hand but as he get a
 many of the
ones when
nobody ever pleads not guilty
I admire your power of analysis but at
 the
state of your health don't worry said it
 the
warning tonight Steve good night tom see
you in the morning i Ken excuse me said
you were inquiring about young that's
right I have found out for you where he
lives other side of town
somewhere at the end of Kevin you onion
frans van and they want to send him an
old Christmas card
this doesn't make sense it isn't
credible if his Eminence has been
meddling in politics yes to take his
chances madam the
Russians are doing the meddling they
have stolen a whole country from us and
what do we do we sit around in the cafe
as if nothing had happened retrieved our
coffee read on newspapers and wonder
whether the Cardinal was a little out of
line here and there may be more of us
should few
people would just stand together they
probably disappear separately if I may
say so Stephanie I'm afraid you're much
too impressed with kelly at your
acceptance of even temporary employment
the Secretary's most indiscreet Kelly is
a very courageous man perhaps so but
he's a very bad reporter the first duty
of a good reporter is to survive long
enough to tell the whole story if I
doubt the caliber are you trying to tell
me something Santa I only know what I
overheard certain steps have been taken
even though unofficial well how do I
know that if I were Kelly I wouldn't
 not tonight
did mr. the American newspaper man
take a cab yes miss Ron do you know
whether he went to his hotel no he told
the driver to drop him off at the end of
Avenue on you
Oh
it was a close call for Tom no one knew
whether he was pulled through or not but
the doctors were trying to put him
together again as best they could
it was a at 60 i'm
drowsy street they were taking people
apart but they were being scientific
about the medical reports on the
examination of the Cardinal speak for
themselves come by commissar he would
not confess he will not yield in any
degree must confess must be that in well
but there are limits past which we
cannot go if the prisoners to to
stand trial I sure we have no difficulty
with such matters you've reasonable
comrade commissar these confessions take
thi even under torture but there's no
time public trial must be scheduled
without delay will not be easy night his
Eminence was arrested he wrote a
personal letter warning people not to
believe any confession that might be
attributed to him once he was under
arrest even if his Eminence should
confess in time how are we to explain
this document in his own handwriting
simple but he confesses let him
repudiate the warning against confession
in his own handwriting but that will
merely remind the people that His
 is obviously been under
considerable pressure how will that look
before a jury there will be no jury case
will be tried before five judges our own
choosing tell me doctor are you quite
sure you find every inducement with the
Cardinal every type of treatment has
been considered comment commissar but
since it is desired to present the
prisoner in court in the near future we
have found it advisable to concentrate
on psychological rather than on physical
pressure we have therefore automated
periods of sympathy and understanding
the period of denunciation of
disapproval prisoner has not been
allowed to sleep for more than an hour
at any one time his cell is completely
illuminated day and night the date he
has been examined on 80 different
occasions the diet is sharply restricted
that for large quantities of hot water
the result of the moods of extreme
elation followed by mood that extreme
depression they've given morphine we
have withheld morphine results
inconclusive we are experimenting
currently but scopa morphine and I would
 that this medication be
reserved for later use
if an extreme form of festivity can be
induced it would be more useful at the
public trial one final note no
visitors all communication with the
outside world is denied to the prisoner
very good doctor but not quite good
enough time is running out just when may
we expect the confession of the
defendant mins NT who can say come a
commissar ma'am in sin T is not a
Russian he has no feeling of guilt about
anything when a strong man has no
feeling of guilt he may never confess he
may go on protesting his innocence
forever unless Yes Doctor well there is
still a technique of hypnotic and
posthypnotic suggestion as I'm certain
dangers of course to the patient they're
not concerned with a danger to the
patient I cannot guarantee the results
of course sometimes it's khopoli means
administered in sufficient quantity the
kind of and use and
control of is established
for many hours at a time all inclination
to resist is removed sometimes the whole
personality is radically effective they
will end doctor we can change the
personality r the defendant been sent
 let this change it by all means the
others yes comrade commissar oh one need
not be too subtle with the others so
you'd have to me
yes I confess yes I confess yes I
confirmed
pharmacy never come in
helliwell stephanie is not good for her
to be seen here do you know the safer
place see if I'm not disturbed for your
private files I'll hit the higher Stalin
where did you get this it must be some
toe it's no joke at it this is the
calling card of a new kind of street
gangs they Kelly last night a
little side street why didn't tell me
come here himself because he's still
unconscious in the hospital what would
you do with this Nazi game done street
fight does not make a battle there are
no Nazis in Budapest anymore oh yes
there are they call himself the Arrow
Cross and they're barbarians even if you
take them over and call him communist
it's definitely enough of this van miss
oldies who's going to preside over the
 trials old he is a
leader in the Arrow Cross worked for the
Nazis all through the war and then
regretted sit in judgment on a man who
 the Nazis all through the
war this is nearly a matter of temporary
policy that policy is made by the party
Alex you have to live with that policy
how can you collaborate with a map where
is your conscience conscience if you
mean personal responsibility all
responsibility is in the party the party
through the Politburo is the sum total
of everything we are and the party can
do no wrong the party can do no wrong
and all the Russians who died to stop
Hitler have died in vain because Hitler
lives on in you and every other Russian
that plays way that Hitler
played it why would you have me too
face one question on are you living for
yourself why are 13
men who ruled the crimp a Russian has
battled it for them or die for
there is no choice
you around my dad is always a joy
Alex somewhere in Russia there must be
people who feel just as you do Howard
Lee that the millions of them I know
there's no an underground
in Russia but maybe it's time someone
started one maybe a person to person
relay system the tour for people that
truth about what's going on in Hungary
and the rest of the world don't you see
time there's our choice I know it
wouldn't be a very long life but it
would be a wonderful one while it lasted
we have something to live for him when
 something to die
for two i intrude comrade colonel not at
all I've just finished my questioning of
the suspect lieutenant you will taken
into custody once remand her further
examination charges espionage and
treason
that relations crown secret police have
had this woman under surveillance for
quite some time
there is no cure have his
I'm her once we go over all that again
sure you know everything epoxy backpack
you an abused excuses pass from the
world 1939 that is correct
have you remained in tomm support for
the French on the ground why I wanted to
do what I could against the map but I'm
where your country was fighting on the
side of it there that was one of the
mistakes my country made for a personal
friend of Joseph in semi I met him once
that you're ready to testify against
no nothing how can I testify you're
conspiring with attempting to overthrow
the government I'm kind of nothing
the last time is father are you prepared
to testify against Parliament sunday I
will very well then let us
put it a little differently are you
prepared to testify against Colonel
millicom you are acquainted with ton of
other couple you're not as a matter of
fact you in love with him you deny this
well what's your say miss Potter just
what the internal memo Goffe deal father
still time I will not I'm committed no
crime against
I was in love with Colonel Melnick off
but is it an act of treason to fall in
love doesn't matter now
mrs. joy I have made
I'm hungry
the record will show that all of the
seven defendants are charged with
conspiracy to commit treason against the
state and that all seven have confessed
by the Norge Prince Esterhazy far as our
car lots load fort by the ish funky
professor born yaoi at the chief
conspirator Joseph mins NT it remains
 court only the problem of
determining the degree of guilt for each
of the defendants for the defendant mins
NT the state prosecutor asks the penalty
 behalf the defendant
mins NT submits to the fourth the
following statement in his own
handwriting I wish to the present
tension and voluntarily admit that in
principle I committed the acts in the
indictment after 35 days of constant
meditation I consider that an agreement
between church and state is necessary I
hereby willingly declare free of
pressure that to withdraw
from the exercise of my duties as
Cardinal free time the prisoner me rise
address the court president a riot
address the core
Joseph mins ND you have heard the
 it your
statement yes it's my statement and in
your hand right and writing is my old
mate willingly and without pressure I
wish for peace these for my church peace
for my country take the prisoner away
sentence will be past Tuesday
the killers have him come in
where's definitely I have no idea milk
Alex this is a good you love and she
hasn't been seen since they have to know
and she came here to see you if you have
not already made arrangements to leave
Budapest I would suggest that you do so
at the first opportunity I'm not leading
Budapest until I get the whole story of
what's been going on here the trial was
well covered by the press the trial was
well covered by a select group of local
correspondents who never had a chance to
speak with the cargo there were two
American newspaperman present why don't
you talk with them I have every few is
to sign your statement saying there was
no censorship sure but Cardinals
professed but to what nothing that
matters nothing that makes him guilty of
treason you Americans are so naive
always it is the individual you are
thinking about you mean you don't even
think of Stephanie anymore where the
welfare of the state is concerned what
does backed
sure what is the difference you Russians
are gonna make the whole world over in a
hurry someone's bound to get hurt
sometimes it's 10 million of your own
people locked up enslaved labor camp
other times is just a funny little
waiter like a a la carte a girl
one might okay Ellis you stick
with your dreams I'll play along with
mine no the next time you get back to
Russia take a good look at everything
and then ask yourself how did your
sister and her children have to die and
Hitler's gas wagon what to say you could
build a better world with whatever
remains of the Hitler game you Americans
must recognize that a good party member
is always loyal to the party so long
Alex
to my imagination do I hear somebody
shouting Heil Hitler and Stalin
you
but when they got around a passing
sentence on the Cardinal Alex wasn't in
court he was in Stephanie's apartment
trying to live over the memories of a
girl he had not been able to protect
you
the court requests a statement from the
defendant Joseph mins NT
I have half a century on my shoulders of
the century of definite education and
principles this education these
principles are built into the life of a
human being as railway rails are
anchored into the earth this explains a
lot of things for more 40 days I
have been before the police and the
court asked me but I answer these
questions dances not only for those who
question me the man must also answer his
own soul I have never been an enemy to
the Hungarian people I have no quarrel
with the workers peasants to whom I and
my family be long this morning I pray to
my lord I asked for peace
I have no quarrel the Russian people but
I do condemn the police state to which
they are enslaved
peace
not tomorrow not in the distant future
peace in our time Joseph mins NT you are
sentenced to imprisonment for the
remainder of your natural life peace
when the local correspondents finally
caught up with Thomas aw Bella no one
was worried about Alex or the Cardinal
were too many other questions before the
house all over come in his
meters were saying they would fight on
the side of Russia in the event of
another war well how about it comes ha
does that mean peace or war but believe
me gentlemen russia wants only peace
russia wants peace at all times good
morning
oh come on saw Bella oh yes mr. Kelly
just one more item yes and what about
Cardinal man's any these serving out his
life sentence at hard labor was it true
that he's suffered a complete breakdown
both mental and physical hatton
sorry mr. jelly but like yourself I'm
only here in Budapest well
people are asking questions all over the
world what are you going to tell them
what are you gonna tell the United
Nations about all this what mr. Kelly
we're going to tell the United Nations
precisely what I've told you the Soviet
Union is not concerned in the domestic
policies of the Hungarian government
neither I trust is the United Nations
good morning mr. Kelly this is where I
came in Budapest where east meets west
the Blue Danube is something than a
walls by Johann Strauss I have the story
about Stephanie because I knew what
no-legged men no record meant death or
worse than a slave live again goodbye
Steve wherever freedom to
those who live for it to those who die
for it good bye Alec you Americans must
recognize that a good party member is
always loyal to the party goodbye your
eminence now and as always I pray for a
world of peace
world of charity
world of Justice someday if we could
ever get through to the Russian people
things might be different but right now
the only people who are getting through
to anybody or the Soviets don't worry
we're blocking them in a lot of ways
return the back in transmitter look at
the marshall plan we stopped them cold
and Berlin with the LA why no they're
still gambling on Germany Austria China
and India but between you and me I think
they'd still settle for peace rather
than me but if you want peace with the
aggression there take it from me if you
hadn't walked over if he steps on here
you've got to yell and keep on yelling
about a lot of things and one of them is
a man named mins in t another lawyer
order the Budapest still
husband hit them is the little matter of
the 14 Protestant ministers who are
still in jail in Bulgaria you see the
way halogen we're living in a time when
liberty is everybody's business neither
there's liberty forever there's no
liberty at all
